The information density of your channel
is drinking from a fire hose of
mind-blowing facts.
The golden age of Army R&D has a lot of
really interesting research we can
parallel today and talk about later. But
during this time, the foreign technology
division was trying to use recovered
technology to use human brain waves to
guide ICBM missiles. And
wo,
it is not only possible, it is
essential.
And then there's also stories about the
1983 strategic defense initiative
instituted by Ronald Reagan, which was
to act against Soviet ICBMs. Star Wars.
Yeah, this likely had a back door to
fund UAP programs [music] and act
offensively against UAP. This technology
is obviously not ubiquitous. There's
different types of technology. There's
different craft design. One could
reasonably assume then there's [music]
different types of NHI with some man,
some not man. That design actually was
featured in the first ever episode of
the X Files, which was allegedly based
on true stories from John Duza. It's the
same design.
Wow.
I'm here with Sammy UAP Gerb who runs I
think my favorite channel uh on YouTube
uh that covers UFOs literally uh the
information density of your channel is
second to none. It's drinking from a
fire hose of mindblowing facts. Like I
think uh any 15-second clip from any one
of your videos could be its own entire
video um on on on various other channels
that are kind of kind of slower and less
less fast-paced. I'm just so impressed
by you and I'm I'm grateful to call you
a friend and I'm really excited to have
this conversation. We had another
conversation um and it looks like that
might go up on my [__] this channel um
where we're trying to like foster really
cool kind of community engagement, have
conversations that kind of take it to
the next level when it comes to UFOs.
But uh this follow-up should get crazier
because UFO world has gone nuts since we
last spoke. So, uh it's an honor to have
you here, man.
Yeah, thanks so much and I'm happy to be
back. I mean, we recorded last time in
November. Since then, we had the
hearings, we had like the Soul
Foundation, we had Jake coming forward.
We've had so much to touch on. So, like
you and I talked about u got this back
together cuz a ton of new topics to
touch on, old stuff to revisit, new
information. It's been an exciting time.
It's been a crazy time. I don't even
know where to start. May maybe we start
with the Jake Barber story. Um, so we're
in unprecedented territory where we have
somebody coming out, a UFO
whistleblower, claiming firsthand
knowledge saying that he retrieved an
eggshaped craft and then a video coming
out of that may have been a little hyped
up and anticlimactic.
But if you listen to him, a lot of what
he says is just extremely internally
consistent with, you know, people like
Michael Herrera, who you've done a great
great piece on, and a lot of other
accounts when it comes to, you know,
UFOs and crash retrievals. It kind of
vindicates Steven Greer as well. And so,
it's kind of hard to poke holes in
actually just the core details of the
story. But yeah, what's your what's your
take on this whole Jake Barber
phenomena? to start the the video on the
News Nation special isn't even that
wasn't taken by Jake and I think that
was uh rather rushed and overhyped just
like you said you know Dr. Nolan came
out beforehand said people would be very
happy with this. I don't think anybody
but was happy with that. But the whole
Jake story for me goes back to
investigating Michael Herrera. Uh way
back in the day, I think this was like
February of 2024, I made a video on him
and Jonathan Wagant. Um and anybody
unfamiliar with Jonathan Wagant, he was
a lance corporal in the Marines who
claimed in 1997 while stationed in Peru
under Operation Laser Strike that he
encountered a crashed UAP. um kind of
large, egg-shaped, featured some
ubiquitous features that we see in other
retrievals.
Where is operation laser strike?
Operation Laser Strike was an anti-narco
operation in Peru. So there were like uh
groundbased radar systems from US
intelligence to track like drug running
planes and so forth.
And what year was this then?
97.
Okay.
And so Jonathan Wagant, Lance Corpal at
the time, basically was sent to uh kind
of investigate a crash of an unknown,
possibly foreign craft. and he and two
other Marines, one Sergeant Allen and
another person, found a crashed craft.
Uh it it the story is super interesting
because it it features like mother of
pearl effect on the the skin of the
craft, liquid coming from the craft.
Explain what mother of pearl effect is.
Kind of like oil on water. um something
that that Jake and others also kind of
described unique features of the
shimmering of uh kind of the craft skin
and also we gant spoke of what he
assumed to be bodies in the craft with
kind of an arm hanging out of the craft.
He's only ever done two interviews, one
in 2001 for Steven Greer, one in 2023
under I think Dan Willis
and
so he is a really interesting person.
Are you in touch with him?
Yes.
Yes. Jonathan Wagant is one of the
nicest people I've ever met in my entire
life.
Wow.
Uh he he's a really good guy.
Do you find him beyond reproach as a
person?
Yes, I fully believe Jonathan Wayan's
encounter.
Why?
There's small details that kind of uh
prove to aid in other research. Uh the
reason I covered him and Michael
together in a video besides just the
fact they were Marines is they both
talked about a team present. Of course,
in Michael's case, he talked about a
humanmade craft that he encountered. But
let's Yeah, let's back up real quick. So
you're saying so ways this Peru case and
then just for the audience Michael
Herrera is this case in Indonesia with
this marine unit right and they uh see
this sort of I guess he calls it vanta
black
uh uh eightgone shape which Jake Barber
describes as well uh craft hovering
above the treetops. He he kind of closes
in on it and then this like really elite
paramilitary unit then basically takes
his his whole unit into into into sort
of custody. Yeah.
And um kind of uh uh reprimands them.
And then he thinks that this whole thing
is part of some sort of psionic asset
trafficking scheme where uh UFO legacy
programs are actually taking people in
third world countries like Indonesia
back to the US in order to summon craft.
I mean the whole thing
well initially he thought it was human
trafficking and and we'll get into this
in a few minutes. It was when he gave
his testimony at when Michael Herrera
gave his testimony at the 2023 uh Steven
Greer National Press Club show. That's
when Jake Barber was sitting in the
audience and said, "I know about this."
And and contacted Michael.
We back channelneled it. That was us. We
back channelneled that.
That was you.
That was me.
Oh my god.
But in Michael and Jonathan's
encounters, so Jonathan said he saw an
extraterrestrial craft or a non-human
intelligence craft. Michael has stated
unlike the error report which lies about
this that he saw a humanmade craft.
However, there are some similar elements
in in both aspects. The crash recovery
team and in Jonathan's story, some of
them wore DOE lettered rain jackets and
there were other seemingly military
operators in black fatigues. They spoke
with American dialect but featured no
insignia. This was the same thing that
Michael described. Michael described a
little further by stating that these men
back in 2009 had really advanced M4
rifles with, you know, beautiful
rangefinders and
bioscanners.
Yeah. Kind of like a what he described
to be like a modern cell phone to kind
of scan their identification and so
forth. And so there were some very
similar elements and that's kind of why
I covered those two people together now.
And that's pretty wild, right? In 200
what was it
2009? Yeah, that's like you know pretty
shortly after the iPhone was released.
So, and then so do you have any sense of
what these elite, you know, paramilitary
groups like who they're working on
behalf of? Is it UFO Legacy Program? Is
it the Department of Energy? I know
that's been speculated at times or
I've reached I think they're two
different teams to be quite honest. The
Because Jonathan, so Jonathan described
a team of guys in camouflage with
weapons, the black fatigue, sorry, DOE
rain jackets and also men in hazmat
suits. So this must have been a
speciallyesed crash retrieval team to
contain biologics spillage possibly
hazardous materials. You know if you
analyze other cases in history the 1974
coyame alleged crash and some of the
majestic documents there have been
occasions where um toxic elements have
seeped from from crash retrievals and so
forth. But I think this is likely a DOE
nest team nuclear emergency search
teams. Um, this is kind of a a almost
semi-private institutions. I mean, back
in the day, these Nest teams, which were
kind of elite operators sent to uh deal
with anything that involved nuclear
technology or nuclear secrets.
This was comprised of of various
specialized operators and also received
help from contractors like EGNG. We know
EG&G from the Wilson Davis memo, from
the story of Bob Lazar, Edgar Fuche, so
forth seeped in and UFO lore. Yes,
it seems like Michael, the team he was
dealing with, is the same team that Jake
Barber is familiar with. And this is
like a a deep black former JC Joint
Special Operations Command, Tier One
Operators, former Delta, the SEAL Team
6, Intelligence Support Activity, 24th
STS,
and these guys are bad eggs who are okay
with with hurting people. Um, then this
is likely uh strictly private teams. Um,
and who, so who does it roll up to?
Because this is I was trying to talk to
Jake about this and it's like there's an
ongoing FBI investigation, so he can't
say much. And then I did get him to say,
well, you know, you could probably
guess, you know, if you had two guesses
on the aerospace prime contractor front,
like, you know,
can you say anything about the companies
that you worked for in the context of
these UFO crash retrievals? Um, look
man, if you took two guesses, you'd get
both of them right on the first try.
There you go. [laughter]
Okay.
And then, so my guess is, this is me
talking, would be like Locked in
Northrup, but like there's this other
element of like Department of Energy,
like who in the government does this
roll up to? You hear stuff like the
CIA's director of science and
technology, you know, somebody like
Glenn Gaffne would be involved. Back in
the day, the CIA's Office of Scientific
Intelligence was probably involved in
this sort of stuff. But who's in charge
from the government perspective now?
Gosh, that's a great question. And I
think it's probably a very small small
portion of people. I think like you
talked about elements of DOE and um
intelligence, CIA, and I think even more
so than CIA modern day, the National
Security Agency, NSA. Y
we know that the CIA deals with human or
human intelligence
and we know the NSA deals with sigant or
signals intelligence.
Uh as far as why I also say the NSA. So
in in my projects I use as much publicly
available research as humanly possible.
I I don't really like to say well a
source told me this, a source told me
this even though there's you know quite
a bit of people I I talk to that you
know will never make it on a video or
never reveal their identity public. But
um this individual was in US Army Office
of Public Affairs. He served in the
mid2010s and he said I like I'm not
really afraid of the CIA but what I'm
terrified of is the NSA.
So I think if I had to wager it'd be
elements of the NSA pulling a lot of
strings.
Well the sort of public facing review
group you know the all domain anomalies
you know uh anomalous research
organization or office or I always screw
it up
organization I one of them whatever uh
you know the main the main sort of
outfit studying UFOs from a public you
know perspective. Uh the new director
was a former director of the National
Security Administration, the NSA, John
John Kslosski. And so
it does beg this question, you know,
yeah, how much of this is is, you know,
I often think the the overrated elements
of UFOs are just just focused on like
meta materials, you know, that's like
the tip of the iceberg. Yeah. And then
actually it's this way deeper sort of
thing around like human like signal like
the fact that we're like probably
getting downloads and stuff. And
actually there's a book called Above
Black by a guy named Dan Sherman and he
goes he's like sort of recruited into
this like nondescript you know NSA
building
and I've heard some from an an extremely
credible source high up in government
where if I were to give you this
person's title
it's just completely beyond reproach
saying that that program probably
existed. He so he's in he recruited to
this like NSA you know nondescript
building and basically told to do all
sorts of weird mind matter experiments
like collapse a sine wave he's given
these like binaural beats and then like
basically he's used as like a sort of
you know human antenna for like alien
signals
um and it's part of this thing he calls
project preserve destiny and he says
that he's genetically been manipulated
in the womb and more and more I
interviewed yesterday a psionic asset
who was recruited through the gate
program through these gifted student
programs or whatever. And so more I
think more and more is coming out of the
woodwork around like kids and gifted
people and like clairvoyance being
approached at a very young age for
downloads and signals that they're
getting. And this guy named Andre
Puharich who I believe he wrote a book
called the sacred mushroom and he had
these space kids back in the day where
he'd recruit all these kids to upstate
New York and he had this roundt
institute in Maine and it was the space
kids were meant to basically get
downloads from and and Star Trek came
from one of these downloads. the the
Gene Rodenberry was inspired by this
woman named uh Phyllis Schl uh Phyllis
Schlean Schllayman I don't know Phyllis
something yeah
and that sort of inspired all of Star
Trek and and EG&G I think actually
picked up a lot of the work there and so
it's super fascinating
that's similar to like Tim Taylor right
he said some of the ideas for his
businesses came via like unknown
downloads to his his head isn't that
what Diana Pulka has kind of said around
him and his Yeah, that he engaged in
protocols to basically download all
sorts of information and and you know he
uh I believe started a biotech company
called Vivx Biotech and sold it for 88
million bucks or something crazy like
that. And um
he claims that a lot of that was derived
from downloads that he got and and I I
spoke to him for a very brief period of
time over over the phone once. He sort
of disappeared on me after that. And you
know, his whole thing was like, you
know, don't use your phone and tap in
and like, you know, and it all felt like
on the one hand cliche, but maybe
actually really fundamental important
advice as far as, you know, being able
to gain access to, you know, better
better stuff or whatever from I don't
know, the whole thing's really trippy.
Well, it's been an interesting year so
far, right? With all kind of the mention
of of psionics. I mean, I'm sure I speak
for a lot of people. Uh, when I when I
speak for myself here, I don't really
like to use the word nuts and bolts. I I
think it's super cliche and overplayed,
but uh kind of my focus is in uh legacy
program research uh crash retrieval,
reverse engineering, stuff like that.
So, the whole psionics territory with
with Jake and stuff is still
uncomfortable territory for me. But
there's still so many lines of research
and in stuff I do that hearken back to
this. Um one example is Philip J. Corso.
Uh I recently did a project on Corso.
Um, Corso stated that in 1960 he was
recruited to the US Army's foreign
technology division. This isn't to be
confused with the Air Force's Foreign
Technology Division. Two separate
things. Um, under Lieutenant General
Arthur Trudeau. Now, the Foreign
Technology Division, there's there's no
records of it.
It's similar to the Army's
interplanetary phenomenon unit that
probably only exists through
institutional record. There's no record.
But, uh, in Corso's testimony,
which by the way, we know that existed.
Correct. Yeah. the interplanetary
phenomena unit. We know that that
existed, which is crazy. We knew that a
group named that existed between what 47
and 50 or something.
Yeah, 47 to 50. And I that was first
confirmed in 1986 to UFO researcher
William Steinman. In the Majestic
documents, there's an IPU report,
interplanetary phenomenon unit report,
and an IPU field order. Um, two
documents still disputed, but
so those are disputed. But the Steinman
thing, I believe Steinman contacted uh
somebody in the federal government to
gain more access and they basically said
the records had been deleted.
Yeah. And that it only existed in
institutional memory.
That's right. But it existed. And so
that is that's just so fascinating.
And you know, I'll get back to Corso,
but you know, maybe we'll talk about the
IPU documents later because that
actually talks about like a crash
retrieval um that killed technicians at
Sandia National Labs because of the
danger of the crash. But
so Corso worked for the foreign
technology division. This is not in
dispute. You can look through his
official military records that said he
was the chief of the foreign technology
division, not out of Wright Patterson
Air Force Base. Um, but the the crux of
his testimony is that under Arthur
Trudeau in 1958 to 1962, we saw the
golden age of Army R&D. And this is
where materials recovered from the
Roswell crash and possibly other
crashes, maybe Aztec, maybe crash at
Corona, Plains of St. Augustine so forth
that the US Army would partner with the
US industry to figure out how these
technologies work and seed them back
primarily to help the US military and
secondly help the American people if
necessary. Well, we know we never saw
the American people if necessary. But it
wasn't just to seed the technologies. It
was also to to improve upon existing
technologies. You know, there's a lot of
contention here because some of these
technologies were passive night vision
systems and guys like Colonel John B.
Alexander who you know has made some
lies about the majestic documents before
um dispute this and stuff like the
transistor and integrated circuit u
but I like to focus on other stuff
because the the golden age of army R&D
has a lot of really interesting research
we can parallel today and talk about
later but Corso also states during this
time that uh the foreign technology
division was trying to use recovered
technology to use human brain waves to
guide ICBM missiles and ballistic
missiles
really yeah
in today's world staying informed can
feel like navigating a maze of
headlines, each with its own agenda.
That's why I started using Ground News,
a tool designed for skeptics and truth
seekers like many in this community.
It's an app and website created by a
former NASA engineer to tackle a problem
we all face. How the way we consume
information can distort our
understanding of the world. Ground News
brings transparency to the news. It
gathers coverage from over 50,000
sources worldwide, organizes stories by
topic, and even breaks down the bias and
ownership behind each perspective. With
features like the bias distribution bar
and factuality score, it's easy to see
how different outlets frame the same
story. For example, when I was
researching those mysterious drone
sightings, Ground News gave me instant
access to over 200 articles, helping me
uncover every angle from the facts to
the spin. For the left, from Radar
Online, Donald Trump says, "Shoot them
down." But on the right, news refers to
it as a rogue loose nuke. This just goes
to show how different the framing can be
based on where you're reading it. So, if
you're tired of echo chambers and
one-sided narratives, ground news is
your ultimate tool for staying informed
and making better decisions. You can
even follow your favorite topics and
compare coverage to find the most
credible sources. And for a limited
time, you can get the same plan I use
every day for nearly half the price.
Just go to ground.news/jessemichels
or scan this QR code to save 40% off
unlimited access to their Vantage plan.
Or gift it to someone you know and have
more informed discussions and hopefully
chill out about those drones. I only
promote brands I vet and I think you'll
find them just as valuable as I do.
Ground news. The truth is out there. You
just need the right tools to find it.
Today I want to share something that's
become a gamecher for me personally.
Qualia senolytic. Have you ever heard
about senolytics? It's a revolutionary
class of ingredients that researchers
discovered less than a decade ago and
they're already being hailed as one of
the biggest breakthroughs in promoting
healthy aging. This is where
qualioenolytic shines. As we age, our
bodies accumulate what scientists call
scesscent cells, also known as zombie
cells. These cells just sit there
hogging resources and dragging down your
energy, recovery, and even mental
clarity. Think of it like pruning a
plant. You've got to remove the dead
leaves to get the rest to thrive. Since
I started taking Qualiaenolytic, I felt
a huge boost in energy and productivity.
I'm sharper, more focused, and genuinely
feel like I've rolled the clock back.
And here's the kicker. You only need to
take it 2 days a month. This
sciencebacked formula is non-GMO, vegan,
and designed to work synergistically to
help your body shed those zombie cells.
And with a 100-day money back guarantee,
there's zero risk in trying it out for
yourself. So resist aging at the
cellular level and try Qualiaenolytic.
Go to qualia.com/jesse
for up to 50% off and use code jesse at
checkout for an additional 15% off. For
your convenience, Qualius Analytic is
also available at select GNC locations
near you. That's qualia
alife.com/jesse
for an extra 15% off your purchase.
Thanks so much to Qualia for sponsoring
today's episode.
That is so interesting. I didn't know he
said that.
That's fascinating. So this is Philip J.
Corso wrote this book called The Day
After Roswell and he wrote it in 97.
97. But the day after Roswell has a
bunch of fluff added by its coowwriter.
That's interesting. That's And he wasn't
super happy about that, right?
No. No. Rumor has it he only had 24
hours to edit it. And according to his
son, he put his hand to his head and
said, "I I can't believe this."
That's so interesting because I was just
talking to James Fox who has an
interview with Philip J. Corso. And we
need to put this [__] out. It's not
public.
No, it is. It is.
Oh, is it? He said he's sitting on three
hours and maybe 20 minutes. I think a
little bit public.
It's published through Greer, weirdly
enough.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. So I think more
can come out. And he was like he
basically James Fox said, "Gun to my
head, I get shot if I'm wrong. I think
Philip J. Corso was legit."
And so that's fascinating. He had a
coowwriter that might have kind of
co-opted his process in some way because
there is stuff in that book that's I
think clearly false. Yeah. like the if
you look at the tech tree around
integrated circuits and semiconductors I
don't think you need alien intervention
to describe there's I think a Munich
like patent on a transistor that goes
back to the 30s.
Yeah. Um, but I do think we saw this
step-wise leap in, you know, interesting
technology around this time, especially
in material science. And I do believe
the basic Roswell story that like some
sort of you know this memory metal and I
believe Jesse Marcel this air air force
flight surgeon
that uh you know may have handled this
this you know memory metal material and
that it probably did make its way to
right airfield at the time which right
airfield would have been the place you
would have taken it because they were
basically reverse engineering adversary
tech. They had
like Russian MiGs later on but
well in 1943 they they successfully
reverse engineered a German pulse jet
engine. So they were already
successfully reverse engineering
adversary retrieved technology. So it
makes total sense that you'd take
something there. Um and then basically
the the to complete the loop on um
Philip J. Corso he says that that
material is taken to Rosco Hill or Hill
Encoder. Rosco Hiller is the first
director of the CIA. makes the call that
uh Corso should be in charge of doing
this out to uh basically civil side for
civil side use cases, you know, to to uh
you know, for commercial purposes. So
like Bell Labs would be like the main
place. Bell Labs, Sperry Rand, which
went defunct and its divisions went to
Northrup, Loheed Martin, Rathon and
others.
And so Philip Corso actually has a
manuscript
uh it's called Dawn of a New Age. And so
for my research on Corso, I read the two
side by side and went through every
single difference. Remarkably different.
For example, in Day After Roswell,
there's a passage about how Corso
intimidated a CIA director to off
himself, which is absurd. And of course,
you you don't see that in the
manuscript.
Oh, they just they sigh oped him, man.
They they and they and he had 24 hours
to edit it. Yeah.
What else? What else?
The the first chapter of the book is
like a detailed description of Roswell
as if somebody was there. Uh, Corso
never never talks about that stuff. He
he doesn't know what happened at
Roswell. Uh, he just takes
the materials. He's he's he's seen.
Another example is uh continued mentions
to the majestic documents in Day after
Roswell. They're only passively
referenced once in um Dawn of a New Age.
However, in Dawn of a New Age, Corso
also states interesting stuff that he
found um after his time in the foreign
technology division. Maybe we'll get
into that later because we can circle
back to the some the psionic stuff with
other like really old research we can
dig into. But um you know of course I
would talk about stuff like a UFO
working group which there's reason to
suggest maybe the Majestic 12 uh changed
into that along the way.
But what I wanted to say about the
psionics as well is and just kind of the
mental phenomena. I want to uh route
this back to three key players. Dr. Eric
A. Walker, Robert Sarbacher, Dr. Robert
Sarbacher and uh Wilbert B. Smith.
So this t this story takes place around
1950. Um Wilbur B. Smith was a Canadian
radio engineer who had a huge interest
in flying saucers after reading the
flying saucer conspiracy by author Frank
Scoly. Um Dr. Robert Sarbacher was the
scientific adviser to the research and
development board spearheaded by Vanavar
Bush. around 1950, uh, Wilbert Smith met
with Robert Sarbacher to talk about
flying saucers because the Canadian
government wanted to use sort of um kind
of magnetic the earth's magnetic field
for propulsion. And he thought after
reading the flying saucer conspiracy,
there may be some sort of connection.
And during this meeting, Robert
Sarbacher said stuff like, well, in the
n, you know, 1950, there were meetings
about flying saucers. Uh, the US
government studies them. It's
spearheaded by a group of Vanavar Bush.
I can't tell you what they're from or
what they're made of, but we know
they're not made by humans. And so
Wilbert Smith relayed that in a 1950
Department of Transportation Canada memo
that was then uh reduced from top secret
to I think restricted access or or
confidential in 1960ome and then uh and
then completely unclassified later. But
so Wilbert B. Smith took that and and
met with Sarbacher and these guys again
to really get involved with UFOs. and
Sarbacher basically said you like I can
connect you to the proper American
authorities to engage with more UFO
research if you can a become cleared and
b give something back and so Wilbert B
Smith he would later on go to spearhead
project magnet which was Canada's first
UFO investigation group followed up by
project second story but when he finally
met again with the Americans he learned
other things such as um you know Vanavar
Bush spearhead the group he knew that a
couple more things but he also said that
the US authorities studying UFOs were
obsessed with the mental phenomena that
accompanied UFO research.
So later on down the line, there was
also a gentleman, Dr. Eric A. Walker. Uh
this guy is super esteemed. He was Penn
State University's president. Uh one of
the smartest smartest people of the
entire 20th century.
He was named in a conversation to
William Steinman, UFO researcher. That
one of the attendees of these meetings
in the 1950s about UFO crash retrievals
was Dr. Eric A. Walker. Um, Dr. Eric A.
Walker would stay silent for a long
time. He was first contacted in, I
think, 1984 by William Steinman. He
returned William Steinman's letter
really cryptically with a type thing
saying like, "Go, go, go, leave me
alone." Um, but eventually he would kind
of meet with Steinman and another
researcher named Henry as a deell.
Uh, during these meetings, he would say
some interesting stuff like he was
present at the 1965 Kexsburg UFO crash.
Um, and yes, that he did attend these
meetings. But when William Steinman
asked him about or maybe it was Henry
Esadel asked him about Majestic 12, he
said he knew about Majestic 12, he'd
known about them for 40 years. And he
retorted with a question saying, "What
do you know about ESP, extra sensory
perception, unless you know about
I think he said the sixth sense
specifically."
Yeah. You would never be let in.
Yes.
Well, it was almost
not only you'd never be let in, like you
can't even comprehend the reality of it.
It was and I think it was a Don Kiote
reference chasing after windmills.
Chasing after windmills,
which that's always stuck with me. It's
like disclosure isn't this file that you
can just give to somebody. It's like I
can't even tell you cuz you're like
you're literally like unable to cognize
what I might be able to, you know,
share. Yeah.
Um that's it's just so fascinating. And
and so and then just to to add
corroboration to the first thing you
were mentioning with the Sarbacher
Wilbert Smith connection, not only did
he run, you know, research and
development, you know, under under
Vanavar Bush, he was uh head of
Washington National Labs. He was this
like atomic energy expert at the highest
level in the US. And he was kind of
scrubbed. This is Robert Sarbacher. He
was kind of scrubbed from the internet
as well. And he was known for having
like an IQ of, you know, 200 plus or
something. Just brilliant guy. Um and uh
and so he's he's just this fascinating
character who is also very close with
Thomas Towns and Brown who's this
anti-gravity inventor at the time
better than anybody.
Well, in in 1956 when Thomas Townsen
Brown does his um experiment in Paris
proving the Biffield Brown effect and
that this this works in a vacuum and I
think showing some sort of interesting
coupling between electromagnetism and
gravity. he uh comes back to the US and
he's picked up in a black Cadillac by
Robert Sarbacher who he's very very
close to and so there's there's a lot of
you know connection there um and so you
had a you had a third so this is so Eric
Walker Robert Sarbacher both
corroboration for this sort of ESP
psionic thing what else
and then another thing um I'm sure many
viewers will know Leonard Stringfield
who's one of the greatest crash
retrieval researchers probably the
greatest of all time
uh in the 70s and 80s when nobody was
doing this he was researching ing crash
retrievals, he was mainly focusing on
witness testimony in his files. Also in
crash retrieval status reports 1 through
7, as well as when he passed on and
Michael Schat went to his archives in
Cincinnati and read through the rest of
his reports, he found numerous mentions
of witnesses who had observed recovered
UFOs and kind of cutaway diagrams
accompanying the UFOs and how in certain
retrieval cases, there would seem to be
like a headband or headband transceiver
uh worn by the operators of the craft
that somehow would pilot said craft. And
that the same thing Corso said, right in
interviews with him, he he said that the
operators of specifically the Roswell
craft were part of the guidance system.
So it it doesn't seem too far-fetched
when Jake talks about an an asset, a
psionic person being able to use their
mind to to commandeer the flight
controls of a craft. When we look at
collecting data, one of the areas that
we look to collect data is through a
psionic asset, which is an individual
who's trained in remote viewing, um,
psychic abilities, telekinesis,
that type of thing. I'm still unfamiliar
with the physics of really how to wrap
my head around this fully, but it's not
out of the question to me. It's it's
it's based in a lot of research spanning
back to 1960s.
Yeah. No, I I think it's the it's the
future of physics and I think it's just
so like when you have an anomaly in
physics, if you can't turn it into math
and you can't instrumentalize it into
technology, I think it goes into this
category called an anomaly and you just
don't know what to do with it.
And then the anomaly usually or often
will get vindicated in a new theory. But
until that anomaly gets vindicated in a
new theory, you just have to say it's a
weird anomaly and we don't know what to
do with it. And so parasychology I think
is you know parasychology being the
psionic sort of mind matter thing is
proven experimentally. You can't turn it
into math. We're in the stone age and on
it and it's hard to turn into
technology. maybe inside you know
government circles h you know have
turned this into technology but we
haven't civil side and so I think
because of that it's totally stigmatized
but if you look at other examples in the
past like black body radiation you know
in the 1860s or the orbit of mercury
which was not described well in
Newtonian paradigm you needed Einstein
to describe it until you get the new
theory you just don't get vindication
for the the anomaly and so that's that's
my take on it now it's not like physics
outside of that branch has been
productive at all in the last 70 years.
Like it's it's actually been extremely
unproductive.
Well, who knows what sort of progress
has been made that's been kind of kept
under wraps. You know, we have SRRI and
sic with the Stargate program
and you and I have personal experience
with Randy who [clears throat] um you
know as a as a Green Beret was at the
Naval Surface Warfare Center crane went
underground via contractor SIC and was
shown technology that purportedly
responded to human consciousness. Uh we
get under there uh door opens. We go
through a security type checkpoint. I
remember the first thing that stood out
to me was that the it was significantly
more modern than everything up top
and that that was odd. Now anybody who's
saying that the Navy hasn't studied this
stuff is is uh not fully knowledgeable
on the subject going back to 2011 and
2012 the Navy the ONR specifically
office of naval research was publishing
studies on a six sense within humans. So
the Navy, SIC, uh, SRRI, Stargate, all
of these guys are are pretty interested.
I mean, we have US Army Insom General
Albert Stubblebind who wanted to
basically cognitively enhance soldiers.
The movie The Men Who Stare at Goats is
is made after Stubblebind.
Yeah. After Stubble, Lyn Buchanan, all
the Yeah. the the whole uh Stargate
program which was ran from 1972 to '95
and systematically you know kind of
employed these psychic spies which would
gather intel which was hugely
consequential for the United I just
interviewed actually Joseph McMongle who
figured out this you know novel uh uh
Russian submarine I think in 78 or 79
and that was extremely critical for you
know uh the US during the cold war and
he was thanked at like the highest level
I Robert Baker actually was like sort of
very against his intel to begin with and
then he realized that it was sort of
vindicated [laughter] after after
McMongle sort of figured this out and he
won the Legion of Merit due to you know
uh the very productive activity he
engaged in. So I do think the office of
naval intelligence is the oldest uh uh
intelligence organization in the US goes
back to the 1890s way pre pre-national
security act and CIA and the NSA later
like pre all of that. So, um I agree.
And for the audience, cuz they're
probably drinking from a fire hose of
facts right now,
Randy Anderson, um is this amazing Green
Beret who you introduced me to
who is a you know, really just a I think
a war hero. I think both you and I have
heard offline of stories around his
deployment to various countries
that he wants to lay low on because it's
not the Green Beret way, you know. He
does he doesn't want to brag about
anything.
It's not the CO way,
but you know, there's a number of people
in his graduating class who who've died.
He's gone through a lot.
And um yeah, he was stationed at he was
an 18 Bravo weapons sergeant, you know,
an expert on all various weapon systems.
And he was taken underground to this
deep underground military base, which we
know exists like across the country.
That's not a question.
[laughter and clears throat]
Yeah,
that's not a question. And that's a
fascinating topic to get into as well.
And once you talk about Randy, we can we
can absolutely get into dumbs. Well,
well, I just want to hear you because,
you know, there's so I got a lot of
flack for that video and I
I've [snorts] spoken to his colleagues.
I've spoken to, you know, uh two of his
Green Beret buddies now. Yeah. I have
their DD214s.
Like, you know, I know a little bit
about them and their background. And
like
I know that Randy is not lying. And
there are people out there on the
internet questioning his service, which
is insane. And and I honestly shameful.
Yeah. You know, if if there's anything
substantive you have to say there or on
the testimony, fine.
Because he also has pictures of him at
Crane. It's
absurd. At the year, right, when he saw
the technology,
he's a war hero. And you just don't
don't you know, that's insane. Um and
then yeah there are questions he has
about his experience you know the
off-world technologies division like
like he doesn't know what that was that
human techn was that was that you know
non-human intelligence you know tech.
After that we moved on down another
hallway and got into an area that had a
marking on the wall and said off-world
technology.
Said offworld technology. that yeah that
was that was where the weird [__]
started. [laughter]
Um, so yeah, we go into into the room
and uh the the one room these
significantly higher level of technology
like the lighting even looked, you know,
everything was just it was more uh
everything was it was just a different
vibe, man. I don't know how else to
describe it. Like I said, the lighting
was different. The walls had like maybe
I assume some type of Faraday material.
like everything was just a higher level
of of detail, you know.
Um the first object was a [snorts]
metallic
basketball-sized sphere
and it was above a podium and it was
looked like it was just levitating above
the podium.
Levitating above the podium.
What makes you think that that was
non-human? Well, a I don't I don't think
it's a valid criticism as well to say
that because there was some sort of sign
that labeled off World Technologies
division that that's completely
nonsensical histori. I've seen that
criticism leveraged around and
uh how do you like that's a that's quite
a baseless claim to make that a that a
division would not be named. Sure, it
may seem a bit strange, but we're
talking about UFO legacy programs and
deep underground military bases that
that span the continental United States.
Uh, so that's not an accurate criticism
to me. But the technologies Randy saw, I
want to focus specifically on the sphere
that he said reacted to human
consciousness. There is a mutual friend
of ours that has observed that as well.
Yes.
And that is Jordan of Skywatchers if if
we can talk about that. Yeah.
When he was involved in the gate program
as a late teen, uh, intelligence or
military brass and and suits and, you
know, eggghheads brought in a case,
opened it up, and there was the same
exact sphere. That story continues to
pop up. Yeah. It's either a sphere or a
piece of metal and they want to see I
just interviewed somebody yesterday and
I can talk about this. It's gonna come
out. This guy Shane Freaks old vet
symposium on Twitter and he talks about
being shown a sphere. And so it's the
same thing shown a sphere and seeing how
the person would react and if they have
some sort of psionic connection to it
and it's kind of the same thing as the
Jake Barber story where he he he locks
on mentally to in this case the agon
craft but there is a mental connection
and so that that is and then there sic I
believe is on record studying quote
unquote psychotronic technology there's
like a long history
they coined their own terms for like
telekinesis and psychokinesis uh when
they kind of bought up the research from
SRRI so sic he took it and ran with it.
And they were operating Stargate, the
psychic spy program in PaloAlto, like at
the end of its existence. So yeah,
there's a there's a lot of history there
that just corroborates where if
you don't know the history, you're going
to hear this Green Beret saying, "I saw
a sphere levitating in front of a podium
and I'm mentally locked onto it." And
you're going to be like, "That's [__]
crazy." Yeah,
but you need to update your priors and
like actually dive deep into the the
history of this stuff, which I mean
you're like the tip of the spear on, but
I I often feel like I'm out on an island
where you have very few people to talk
[laughter] to who like get who don't
realize that this stuff actually isn't
crazy if you're engaging in solid
beijian reasoning. you maybe you have to
think probabilistically and it's not,
you know, 100% this is definitely real
or whatever, but like it your base case
is that it actually is real because
there's there's a lot of evidence around
it.
Yeah. And like the other testimonies we
mentioned too are incredibly
interesting. The story with Jordan, he
and I spoke about that long before any
research with Randy was ever made
public. So, initially when I made
contact with Randy, I went around kind
of looking for any other story that may
involve some sort of sphere, some sort
of basketball-sized metal uh that might
interact with people. And this also like
almost hearkens back even to how we
opened up with the story of Jonathan
Wan. When he got in close proximity to
the crash craft he saw, whether it was
the beans or the craft itself, he felt
an overwhelming sense of of calmness and
communication his head in his head. And
we hear that from Jake Barber as well
with with the eight gun.
You hear it in pretty much every alien
abduction account as this sort of mental
telepathic connection. And I I do find
it interesting certain people are down
for like breaking exotic phys, you know,
breaking physics in the form of exotic
flight principles and like
metamaterials, but for whatever reason.
So that that like breaks our reality
there. But they're not down for the
mental thing. And it's like why is that
a bridge too far? If you've crossed
this bridge, this bridge is crazy. So
you have to open up you know all
possibilities at that point and again
think probabilistically. So maybe that
that second bridge is slightly lower
probability than the first bridge but I
think people don't realize just how
limited the their thinking is around a
lot of this stuff.
Yeah. It's like what we talked about
like my research mainly focuses on
legacy programs but I can't discount the
research done at Stargate the psionic
stuff. I can't leave that out of the
equation. I still need to study it
always when it arises.
Of course. Yeah. And you know and
sometimes those bleed over into the the
realms I study as well because you know
we were talking about Stubble who was
interested in psychic spies and on the
other hand Stubble also has really
interesting research into like UFO crash
retrieval and legacy reverse engineering
programs. So on one hand he's kind of
engaging with the more psychic aspect of
the phenomenon. On the other hand he's
dealing with the really tangible program
level stuff. I mean uh Stubble created
the US Army INSCOM intelligence and
security commands. um special operations
unit, the intelligence support activity.
And I think 2002, right around the time
the CIA OGA was created, the
intelligence support activity, which is
a really really like clandestine
secretive combat group, kind of like the
CIA soldiers almost, was brought over to
JCO, the joint special operations
command. And if we adhere to some
excellent reporting by Chris Sharp and
others, the CIA OGA and its creation in
2002 and JOC are utilized to perform
crash retrievals and so forth. M yeah
yeah yeah there's a JCO continues to
come up you know as like they sort of go
in you know and is how what's the
connection between Delta Force and JC is
there
Delta Force is a unit in JO I think it's
[clears throat] it's the 24th STS out of
the air force SEAL team 6 out of the
Navy um Delta out of army and ISA out of
Army as well there might be another unit
or two I don't want to butcher that but
those are some of the primary units
and my buddy Matt Pines made the
connection that Lou Alzando is actually
part of this group called Gray Fox.
Yeah.
Which is, you know, deep military
intelligence, but specifically it's like
going into extremely sensitive sites,
you know, for JC. Yeah.
Um and so, you know, he might know a
thing or two about UFOs from that, not
just the OAP, a tip, you know, whatever
that experience was around 2007, 2012.
So,
absolutely. And another interesting
thing about Stubblebind while we're
talking about him in the memoir Dawn of
a New Age by Philip J. Corso Corso
stated he learned that in 1986 there was
a group created called the UFO working
group which was created to study and
kind of manipulate UFOs reverse
engineering and so forth and this was
funded by the leader of US Army INCOM
which is of course Albert Stubble and to
top things off to make it even more
interesting so that's 1986 in 1984 um
Stubble left the US Army he then went on
to serve as like a chairman or a board
member of BDM which was a defense
contractor bought up by TRW um which was
then bought up by Northrup Grumman. But
in 1985 uh Albert Stubble and BDM at
their corporate headquarters in Mlean,
Virginia created what they called the
advanced theoretical working group. Yes.
Which was a large kind of a which was a
large event classified with DOE controls
to study UFO reverse engineering and
crash retrieval. And we have the famous
notes by Oak Shannon um which resulted
from that. O Oki Shannon who was a Los
Alamos uh project manager very high up.
Uh you had I believe like Ferris
Williams, Kenneth Shoulders,
John John B. Alexander,
John B. Alexander, how put off guys like
that. Was Eric Davis part of this or
I don't know, but I wouldn't be
surprised. He's always he's always
popping up in the same circle.
Well, it's clearly this sort of working
group to figure out like the physics
around UFOs. And I think according to
Oki Shannon, there were some even
spookier people who would never speak
and they just sit in the room and they'd
sort of gather intelligence on this
stuff.
And then when Greer started his kind of
whistleblowing efforts where he started
to attract, this is Steven Greer, Dr.
Steven Greer, started to attract all
these people coming out of the
government and speaking to him and he
starts to promote this sort of C5 like,
you know, getting into contact with the
UFOs, attracting them, whatever.
Stubble and John Alexander show up
around him and I believe Stubblebind
offers him a big sum of money.
Yeah. to to like join legacy efforts or
like join the program or something or
what's what's the story there?
So, I I think this I think because of
Greer's own ego and like I have my
feelings about Greer, both pros and
cons, he really he likes to frame this
as uh oh, Stubble offered me $2 billion
to shut up and talk about UFOs. But I I
I think according to documents and
emails on the DPI archive, that $2
billion, which still is an egregious sum
of money, was to purchase Steven Greer's
institution, Cetti, and integrate it
into Stubble's work.
So it wasn't just to buy off Steven
Greer, it was to basically purchase his
whole institution. And this was in 1992.
That's crazy. So, what what do you think
was so valuable of about what Steven
Greer was doing in 1992 that would I
mean maybe that was a fake offer or like
I I I don't know if that's real, but the
real meat of the the Greer saga and the
Greer information starts to pick up
around 97.
Um it's really hard to track down what
Greer was doing in uh pre-97.
Was he was a doctor?
Yeah, he was a practicing trauma doctor
uh I think at an ER. don't really know
how he got interested in the subject,
but he does say at the age of 18 and he
said this in his 2024 September event
that he was contacted by like a cosmic
intelligence um and told to basically
save the world.
He's brought a lot of exposure to the
UFO world and he should be really
vindicated and he's worked his ass off
but um yeah can be weird vibes I think
at times.
I [laughter] think there was a really
big shift in Greer. So uh you know he
talks about his archive release the DPI
archives disclosure project initiative
archives. He says it would take somebody
two to four years to go through it.
That's nonsense. I've gone through the
whole thing like eight times. [laughter]
But so in 1997, I don't know what Greer
was doing before that, but in 1997, UFO
researcher Bill Hamilton, William
Hamilton III, who wrote the book Cosmic
Top Secret I talked about in relation to
Northrup Grumman, he had been in contact
with Greer. And this UFO researcher who
I think is one of the most
underappreciated people in the entire
realm. He introduced Greer to various
witnesses that would feature on the 2001
Disclosure Project uh National Press
Club event where various government and
private sector whistleblowers would
speak.
Some of these included some redacted
names who I've I've come to learn about
those people. They're not public. And
then Mark McCandalish and Brad Sorenson.
Oh yeah.
The two primary witnesses. Brad Sorenson
being the primary witness of the 1988
Norton Air Force show um where an alien
reproduction vehicle was shown off and
Mark Mccandalish, the person who created
the line art drawings and so forth. And
by the way, the term alien reproduction
vehicle that most people associate with
Greer was coined by uh Sorenson himself
and relayed in Hamilton's 1992 book
Cosmic Top Secret. He he got this wrong.
He said alien replicated vehicle, but
even so. And around the same time, I
talked about this in the in around
Northrup as well, Greer met a person
named ah. Um, he's since spilled the
name in his archive. I just won't repeat
it. We'll call it ah, but ah was I guess
a former Boeing uh technician. And a we
can see from Hamilton and ah most of the
grounds that Greer operates on today,
including naming naming sites where
programs operate. Edwards Air Force
Base, not really Wright Patterson, China
Lake, uh, Dougway Proving Grounds, all
of these sites. And you can see direct
direct quotes from ah and Hamilton that
have made it their way into Greer's
research. He still used today. I mean,
Greer's a big propri proprietor that
Dougway proving grounds out in Utah saw
much saw a lot of UFO programs shipped
over from Area 51.
And he always quotes that 35 to 40% of
programs at Area 51 were moved to
Dougway in Utah. Well, if you look at
ah's testimony in 2000, the year 2000
recorded, he says the exact same thing.
So, Greer has really built upon like
most of us, like all of us, he he stood
on the shoulders of of giants and
important people before him.
But there seemed to be a a real shift
when he gained that sort of popularity
where Greer would really really focus on
the C5 stuff, which can really rub
people the wrong way. Um, and I think
that's really mostly due to kind of the
monetary incentive around it. like he's
doing C5 cruises
and what is C5 sort of summoning.
It's psionic.
Yeah, psionic stuff. Yeah.
But I think a little more spiritual like
more focus on love and light. And
Greer's also been busted for posting
photos of like cactuses and stuff and
saying they're they're entities.
Yeah. He's it's it's this mixed bag and
it's it's it's somewhat unfortunate. But
you you I mean you have to express your
sort of gratitude to him, but then it's
also like sometimes you wish it came in
better form.
Yeah. you know,
because I've never spoken to Greer. I've
never been in contact with him. I don't
plan to, but I've been badmouthed by
him. I know that.
What did he what did he say about you?
So, when Greer releases DPI archive, um,
and I I went through that and looked at
all the accompanying files because with
each witness ID that's redacted, a lot
of the time there's there's emails. I
would look through these and I I would
say like, why is why does Greer get to
talk to these people and nobody else
does? So, I would spend weeks tracking
people down um and finding out who they
were and contacting them. There there've
been multiple that I have, but at the
tail end of 2024, there was a recent
entry on on the archive. This was a
brand new person. This was the Army
public affairs person that I uh talked
about recently. Um I contacted this
person. We struck up a relationship.
This guy's an amazing person. But right
when we started talking, he was
suspicious of my motives, of course, cuz
I reach out and I just said, "Hi, I
found your name this way, this way, this
way." Because whenever I reach out to
somebody from the archive, I say, "Hey,
this is where the breach of security
happened. This is how I found your name.
It will not be shared. I'm I'm I'm not
interested in contacting anybody else."
But so this guy and I started talking
and we hung up on the phone one day and
he called me back 10 minutes later. He
said, "I need to like I need to know
what you're doing." I said, "Excuse me?"
He said, "I just talked I just talked to
Greer and he said, "You're an
intelligence like you're an intelligence
asset." I said, "What?" So apparently
this guy when we hung up off the phone,
he then contacted Greer because he was
still in contact with Greer. And he gave
Greer my full name, which I would prefer
if he didn't have wouldn't have done
that, but that's okay. And then Greer
said I was an intelligence asset. So
that's that's my one.
And then he said you were not an
intelligence. He cleared it up. Or he
say he said you were an intelligence.
No, Greer said I was an intelligence.
What is he basing that off? He's just
[__] saying that you're an
intelligence.
Yeah, I've never talked to the guy.
Yeah.
I
And and for the record, on record,
you'll say you don't have a security
clearance.
No, I don't have a security clearance.
I've never been in the military. I've
never been in intelligence. Graduated
with a degree in engineering and I moved
to
What? What do you do? Do you have like a
day job or is or is YouTube your full
time?
Yeah. Like mechanical engineering,
service engineering. It's It's very
boring. I I'd like to move uh to this
more full-time cuz I
for for what can you say?
Medical devices formerly uh renewable
energy like wind turbines and such.
Okay. Okay. Normal dude.
Yeah. Yeah. Normal dude. But that that's
been my
but he's going to have a massive channel
and do this full-time and
I hope so. I mean there's just a there's
a lot of work uh in this subject that I
think needs to be revisited because as
much as I hate to say it and I'm sure
you realize it as well there has been
elements of circular reporting in in
this subject. Tons, tons. And I'm sure
like, you know, I've been guilty of it
at times. Like I don't I don't think you
can uh thoroughly investigate all of
this stuff and get it's it's all so
crazy and weird. You're going to get a
little bit wrong along the way. And so
like it's it's going to be this
dialectical process where you have to
wade through the [__] and just have
open conversations. And I think as long
as people think you're a good faith
actor and you're like earnestly showing
your thought process to everybody and
you're like getting closer to an
approximation of truth, that's all you
can do.
Yeah.
Um and so and then just saying like
admitting if you're wrong and like if
somebody comes at you with something
substantive, just like accepting that
and incorporating it into your
worldview. And I think the other tricky
thing is like people can say when you
cover this topic that you are shilling a
thing and you can or grifting which is
absurd. Like I've
I do have like a company that like
encapsulates my show. I've never taken
money out of the like I've never like
made
I mean money has come in through like
sponsors and that sort of thing because
I do want this to be sustainable. life
costs and like I'm down to make money on
it long term, but like what I was doing
before was definitely more of a clear
path to making like a lot of money than
this. If anything, I've lost a lot of
money over the last couple [laughter]
years. It's kind of funny like but yeah
I I I don't think you can do anything
else other than like earnestly kind of
move forward and just be humble and cool
and like people sense that and
yeah I I really from from what I try and
do I see a big gap in modern day in in
terms of investigating primarily legacy
programs and witness testimony u because
historically like wherever you look uh
wherever you look in this subject Greer
kind of has this pause in post like 1995
cuz even he is entwined in stuff like
the Wilson Davis memo going back that
far and so forth. Um and and guys like
uh really great researchers today like
Richard Dolan, he still focuses more on
like sightings and and kind of flaps and
encounters and so forth and what he does
he's almost the best at.
Totally. I Well, that's the beautiful
thing about this subject is I don't
view it as zero sum at all. Like I I
actually think you're like best in the
world now and you will be like so much
better because you're how old are you?
You're like
28. You're 28. Yeah. So, it's like
you're like best in the world now at
like tracking granular like legacy
activity stuff.
I think I'm really good on the theory
side like like you know like consilience
interdomain consilience between like
science and like theory and that sort of
thing and that's what I love. And then,
you know, we have a buddy Chris Ramsey
who has his YouTube channel who like to
me I think he's going to have like the
biggest YouTube channel on this just cuz
he's so his like the thoughtfulness that
he puts into like production and
storytelling is just next level and his
skill set there is so good that he's
going to open this topic up to like a
whole new massive, you know, swath of
people. And I I and I think we're all
like pretty like I don't know, we all
have egos, but they're we're pretty like
team players like and so I I love that.
I think that's really cool. And it's
going to be like a new era of this stuff
where we can just like work together and
like find the truth and compliment each
other.
It's really refreshing because any
it's really refreshing to work together
because I'm sure as like everybody who's
done some some research in this subject
knows like any sort of disclosure is not
really going to come willingly. um
especially when it comes to uh UFO
legacy program operations. So kind of
working together and tackling cases and
stuff like that is is really brilliant
to do. And Chris is a great guy. You
introduced me to him at the hearings and
you know the second he and I met he and
I were talking about Bob Lazar because
he did the interview with Luigi from
Project Gravitar. Yep.
He's spoke very highly of him and
Luigi's super cool. I've talked to him.
He's awesome. So this is this new
documentary about Bob Lazar. Bazar is
obviously if you've made it this far in
the interview, you definitely know who
Bazar is, but he is um you know famous
for claimed to have you know reverse
engineered UFOs at Area 51 S4
and you know one of Rogan's biggest
episodes, this wild controversy, some
holes in his background, but like
spoken to Luigi and Chris and I they've
actually really helped me update my take
on Bazar to the point where I think he
worked at Area 51 for sure. Area 51 or
S4?
Uh, I think he for sure worked at Area
51, probably worked at S4.
Okay.
And then I'm not sure that what he was
shown wasn't shown to him deliberately
and he wasn't given highlevel frameworks
as sort of passage material and
recruitment for Legacy, which doesn't
make covering his story invalid at all.
It makes it almost more interesting. But
to me, it has to be covered through this
like meta lens.
Yeah. if that makes any sense. Well,
through this the skepticism, but also
like there's probably some real stuff
here.
Yeah. I mean, I've historically stayed
away from Bob because I'm so biased
towards wanting to believe him.
Yeah.
You know, growing up, I I would always
hear about his his testimony. I was the
first to buy Area 51 or UFOs and flying
saucers from um Jeremy Corbel and his
book Dreamland.
Yep.
The more I I study other things, the
more interest I find specifically not
Bob Lazar reverse engineering the sports
model propulsion systems or reading
about the files and bodies and so forth,
but specifically around the facility S4,
which like I have good reason to believe
that S4 south of or just southwest of
Papoose uh mountain range, right by
Papoose Lake is a is a real place.
Well, and what's what's your good reason
to believe that?
So, a there's a couple public
testimonies around it. There's uh that I
I don't really want to focus on but like
Dan Barish um
uh Edward F Edgar Fuche who claimed that
S4 ran the Defense Advanced Research
Center the DAR which was found in um a
apa document in the 70s to be proposed
to exist which was an underground
facility uh never really proven to exist
but uh I've actually I've I've talked to
one person who has been to S4 and
another person who said they they won't
comment on if it exists. The person who
who had been to S4 said he didn't see
anything like crazy or extraterrestrial.
He was just went in the facility, but he
did say some things that are similar to
what Bob Lazar and others would say,
meaning like colored pathways to show
where you can walk and stuff.
Yeah, I think we should all wait for
Luigi's documentary, Project Gravitar,
cuz he's told me things offline that out
of respect for him, I'm not going to
share,
but that give me conviction that he did
work at S4 around stuff that's gotten
cor that will get corroborated in the
documentary. So it's pretty cool.
Um, so yeah, I'm I'm I'm Chris Chris has
as well. And Chris is coming at this
whole thing from an angle of like he's
a, you know, famous magician before this
debunking other magicians. And so he
comes at this whole thing through a more
skeptical storytelling lens and um he
thinks that there's there's definitely
something something to the Lazar story
and that he he worked at S4.
Yeah. I mean, if that story is true,
then then that's one example of a deep
underground military base with a hanger
built into the side of a mountain, which
is really interesting.
Yep. Cuz deep underground military
bases, a lot of people associate those
with conspiracies for like human
trafficking or stuff like that, but
those are those are a very real concept.
There's like a very rich rich history of
deep underground military bases that
started in the 1950s and 1960s out of
Air Force Project Rand, which eventually
became the Rand Corporation, which is a
fedally funded research and development
center that is likely up to their
eyeballs and UFO uh legacy programs. But
why do you think there's so many things
that like when you talk I'm like we need
to query this and this and like
[laughter] why is Rand why is RAND so
so one of the things that I I talk about
all the time that I think is really
overlooked in um legacy operations is
everybody likes to talk about um the
government intelligence or military and
contractors um you know Northrup
Lockheed Battel the piece that's missing
the thing between them are the fedally
funded research and development centers
and the university affiliated research
Arch centers. These are semi-private uh
notfor-profit institutions that are are
governmentowned. Examples of FFRDC's
would be places like the MITER
Corporation, the Rand Corporation,
Sandia National Labs, Lawrence Liverour.
Uh
there's one at Penn State where Eric
Walker
that's a university affiliated research
center
and those are kind of another side of
the same coin and we can talk about what
I think uh based on some good
intelligence that I I what I think these
do. Um, university affiliated research
centers are like the MIT soldier
nanotechnology soldier program.
Yeah. The University of Southern
California Creative Research Institute
the
And that's another really interesting
thing where I think Bob Lazar might have
done something in and around the MIT.
Well, like that
whenever he comes up with Rogan, Rogan
always says, "Oh, I'll tell you
something offline where like it would
make the MIT records being deleted make
sense." And then he can never say it off
online. could be a UARC.
That would be my guess that there's
probably some some interesting research,
you know, that he was maybe involved in
that like because that from way back in
the day at MIT was you had Carl Compton
who was president of MIT who was rumored
to be shown the craft at Wright Airfield
uh with this sort of Anderson Trust
these like you know CIA guys and and
actually like be very involved in legacy
UFO efforts. And so yeah, it's it's
fascinating. And now we have this super
soldier program.
Yeah. And so and so so with those
FFRDC's and and UARCs um what I think
based on good intelligence is that the
US military and intelligence sources
split between the army, Navy and Air
Force will have a program whether that
be technology exploitation, materials
research, reverse engineering or flying
of alien reproduction vehicles and
direct connections will be made with the
UARCs or FFRDC's. These will serve as
the project manager
performing subject matter expertise and
research and development and that will
bridge the gap to the contractors the
defense corporations because mo most as
far as as far as I'm aware most of the
contractor personnel will not
necessarily know what they're working
on. You know a famous example is the
infographic show whistleblower where he
talks about a guy at Texas Instruments
getting a piece of metal and not knowing
what he's working on. It's the middle
management of these companies at the at
the contractors that generally know what
they're working on. Um like the security
directors and so forth, but the FFRDC's
and URC's allows kind of onestep removal
between the the um the military and
intelligence and the contractor.
Well, but with MITER Corporation and
Rand I you would think of them as having
kind of the top of the pyramid view on
the technology. Like I think I believe
the president of Rand Corporation for
many years was a guy named Michael Rich
who's Ben Rich. Ben Rich was the you
know president of skunk works that says
we have you know uh the power to travel
the stars to take ET home and made all
sorts of interesting comments like at
the end of his care also called UFOs
unfunded opportunities. Said that we
have UFOs and and they have UFOs you
know so like humans do and so and ETSs
do. said there was an international
corporate board controlling a lot of the
UFOs and that maybe we needed to take it
back into the hands of the US or
something said all sorts of interesting
stuff. His son was the president of Rand
Corporation for decades.
So I find that somewhat interesting as
well. And Thomas Townsen and Brown when
he's doing his anti-gravity experiments
the Rand Corporation shows up
sees the experiments they have this
meeting something changes after the
meeting.
Towns and brown his experiments just
fail. something sort of, you know,
nominally like they fail even though
clearly they they hadn't failed,
right? And then to me it's clear there's
some covert IP transfer that occurs
where uh his anti-gravity technology
gets transferred to Northrup Grumman via
his investor who's a guy named Floyd
Odlum who has a majority stake in
Northrup.
Yeah.
And so there's but there's something
around the Rand Corporation there too.
Absolutely. Rand Miter, um, Sandia, you
know, Sandia and Lawrence Liverour were
accused by some people like Edgar Fuche
of of actually reverse engineering
propulsion for craft that would lead to
like triangular ARV.
Um, but you also have to look at the
time when a lot of these were made,
specifically MITER and the Aerospace
Corporation. They were founded in 1959
and 1960, the exact time of the golden
age of army R&D under Corso. um who said
that there were institutions also
created to study uh extraterrestrial
technology. And if you look what's
what's weird and what parallels to
modern day with the UARs and FFRDC's if
you look at US Army research and
development I this is going to sound so
boring to so many people but if you look
at US Army uh primers for research and
development from the 1950s and 1960s
like read through all of their proposals
you'll see under Trudeau when he was the
chief of research and development for
the army he proposed that the army work
for kind of technology transfer and
technology study with uh URIs university
research institutes and IRIL's I think
it is like independent research or
something independent research
laboratories similar which are similar
concepts to the Uarks and FFRDC's made
in the '90s. So we see these insane
parallels to to modern day and of course
MITER was made out of project SAGE um
which was a Lincoln Labs giant project
to like make giant radar systems to to
study ballistic missiles and so forth.
Well, it's like if if you were doing any
secret if we if we live in the world
where any science is classified, which
come on. Yeah, of course we there that
and now like it's all coming out. You
have people like and you know Mark Andre
and Ben Horowitz go to the White House.
They say we'll classify math and the AI
just like we classified physics and like
you have Eric Weinstein, my for former
colleague is you know constantly kind of
opining on like this idea of the secret
science branch. It's if you have to be
stupid to not think that some science
isn't classified if we live in the world
where it is classified. That stuff is
going on in the places where we uphold
the most secrecy which is these DOE
labs.
Yeah.
And so like I don't think it's like
conspiratorial. It's like obviously if
you're doing a high energy really
intense physics
you're probably also understanding
onlogical truths that the rest of the
public don't understand. That's often
the case. Like you start to understand
things about reality due to some of
these experimental effects where you're
breaking the bounds of you know our
reality in some sense you know uh uh
through these you know high energy
experiments like it makes sense that
UFOs show up around nuclear weapons.
It's high energy output and if we live
in any sort of like timebound, you know,
3D bound, like if there's anything
outside of our what we perceive, you
would be stress testing that every time
you set a nuke off, you just would.
Yeah.
So, it's like not that crazy. And yeah,
I I'm with you there. And I I just think
it's so interesting to try and
investigate how players and and the
government and military
package these concepts and and these
high energy experiments to to classify
them and keep them out of public view,
especially when it involves kind of
extraterrestrials or non-human
intelligence. And for for the for the
AROW disenoyers out there, um as
recently as 2024, the new AROW director
John Kazowski said that Arrow is working
with both UARS and FFRDC's. So that
that's something to gl on to. Yeah. He
said that to S when Susan go sitting
right behind him to Gillibrand at the
2024 uh Arrow hearing.
Whoa.
And then of course when Sean Kirkpatrick
left Arrow, he ran off to Oak Ridge
which go look at the FFRDC's connections
there.
Totally. Yeah.
Doing a lot of interesting material
science there. It's not just a nuclear
lab like they're doing a lot of frontier
science at Oakidge. Many FFRDC's are
owned by um Battel Memorial Labs or
Triad National Security LLC, which one
of those three is Battel. Battel's
really interesting. I mean, they if if
there's any uh group out there that is
studying actual biologics, it's probably
Battel. Um they run some sort of uh
biological materials lab out of Fort
Dietrich.
And also a lot of really interesting
classified work out at Dougway proving
grounds.
It's fascinating. Yeah. And that was
always I believe was it the HR cross HC
cross you know what I'm talking about
this memo that
project stork from
project stork from battel where
it's now clear in retrospect and I think
this is a lot due to Richard Dolan's
great research
that like you had this cleaving off of
the vital study of UFOs the public
facing stuff was relegated to project
blue book and the air force and then all
the private stuff was managed by battel
memorial institute the uh CIA's office
of scientific int intelligence and was
classified under the atomic energy
commission which occurred later in 54
but there's a precursor called the
McMahon secrecy act and so it would
totally make sense that Patel would have
a whole lot to do with this I believe
Robert Sarbacher also told Whitley
Strieber so Sarbacher I just interviewed
Whitley Strieber
he talked to Sarbacher
he talked to Starbacher Sarbacher took
an interest in Strieber
and when he published communion
when he published communion
I'll tell you a fairly weird story here
Sam gave me Sarbacher's number and then
he called me back and he said Sarbacher
is waiting for you to call him. He's
very eager to talk to you. So I call
Sarbacher. Sarbucker
proceeds to tell me all kinds of detail
about the materials that he was dis was
working on at the Battel Memorial
Institute about how when when um
electron microscopes became operative.
He they understood that there was a a
molecular grid grid a designed grid
inside the inside this very thin
material and that was what made it so
strong. And I think that's probably been
extrapolated out into our uh military
technology in many different ways.
And so you're talking about an extremely
advanced scientist taking an interest in
a horror novelist's abduction account.
And a guy, you know, so Sarbacher's
working at the highest levels of
American military, and he takes an
interest in Whitley Strieber, reaches
out, wants to speak to him, and uh uh uh
Striber says they're about to meet up,
and Sarbacher dies.
Oh. Oh, yeah. And so it's it's
fascinating. and and and then again
Sarbacher's just scrubbed from the
internet. But what Sarbacher I think
told Streber on the phone is that you
had all this interesting material that
Patel Memorial Institute was managing
back in the day that Sarbacher was
somewhat involved with. So just another
piece of corroboration for this
and there there's research to suggest
that Battel also studied the like really
lightweight metals out of the 1947
Roswell crash. In 1949, alongside
project stork, they started publishing
um information on like shaped metal
alloys, nighol.
There was like a there was like a nickel
alloy or something.
Titanium nickel alloys.
I I used to think that um Battel was
kind of phased out of operations. I I'm
not quite sure why I thought this, but
recently I've taken a huge interest in
Battel being like one of the primary
contractors out at Dougway Proving
Grounds, which I think has a massive
underground facility. I I I mean I' I've
talked to an a witness who didn't go on
the 2023 career NPC, but I've talked to
him and I've interviewed him and um he
while working as a contractor for the C
Martin company at Dougway at the West
Desert Test Wing in the Avery section
stumbled upon a building where he saw a
craft hovering in the air being tested
on.
So fascinating.
Yeah. and and then Battel runs Battel
has a bunch of old contracts for making
like enclosed laboratories at Dougway
and stuff and that that that is really
fascinating. And
is there a Mormon connection with
Dougway because it's in Utah and I think
of like
the CIA as being fed into by a lot just
a lot of Mormons. Mormons were
surrounding sort of, you know, Howard
Hughes.
Well, Greer likes to say so, right? But
I don't know. I I haven't been able to
make that connection, but I was able to
make a a Dougway proving ground
connection to one of your recent videos
with with James Fox.
Oh, tell tell me.
So, I was re-watching your James Fox
interview and he talks about the 1971
Hollowman or the Hollowman Air Force
Base footage
that he talked to filmmaker uh Allan
Sandler who said he saw the footage and
saw beans in the footage.
Yeah, we showed that conversation
between him and Sandler. Yeah.
What did you see on the film? Was it
color? Was it black and white? Was it
black and white? It was black and white.
When I had saw, you would have me like
black my friend, but it was nothing
other than what we ended said in the
book. We we see this thing, this round
thing, and it wasn't that stable. Funny
part, and it landed and a door open and
guys come out looking like they were
outer space guys.
So, in 1971, Sandler and another
filmmaker, Robert, like Emger or
something like that, I think his name
was. Yeah.
Yeah. They were approached by two uh uh
two US military officials. to make a
documentary and they could include the
Hollowman Air Force base footage.
One of these individuals was an army or
air force, I can't remember, a colonel
named um uh Wein Brener and Wein Brener
was actually part of the foreign
technology division out of Wright Pat
for a while.
So that occurred at in the 80s or the
late '7s and so time goes on. uh Weine
Brener would be asked all the time about
UFOs because Robert Emmaner would go
back and ask him like what what did you
think and you know there's story of a
conversation where he and Weine Brener
are speaking and Weinbrunner saying like
oh UFOs don't exist blah blah blah while
taking a book off a shelf and giving him
a book about UFOs but on his deathbed
there's a lot of research proposed by
like Grant Cameron and um Anthony
Brigalia and so forth about uh wine
Brener on his deathbed saying that they
house uh dead extraterrestrials at a
facility out in Utah which of course is
Dougway proving grounds. It's really
crazy.
I made that connection last night. That
was fun. Fun to see the Sandler to Wein
Brener to Doug Way.
Sammy, are you in touch with any UFO
whistleblowers, not whistleblowers yet,
people on the inside who have firsthand
witnessed crafts?
Absolutely. Yeah.
And anybody who has witnessed craft in a
hanger in a classified facility in the
US, not just seeing a thing flying in
the air.
Yeah.
That's wild, man.
Yeah. But will they talk publicly? No.
And will they discuss the full extent?
Why won't they talk publicly? Just I do
think it's important context for the
audience like we're going to get
comments trust me bro or whatever. So
[laughter]
no no I yeah I'm not saying I'm not I'm
not saying that to like push like a
narrative or say like run with this like
I know people have seen this not a trust
me bro thing but yeah of course I I've
talked to people I take very seriously
like good friends that I've made who
have said this and um these people are
former military or intelligence. They're
not contractors. I've I haven't heard a
peep from a contractor. I think that's a
whole another story because there's uh
you like government NDAs and contractor
NDAs and the penalties for violating
those are severe. But these um military
people are are bound by NDAs, some timed
which usually really long NDAs like
decades long or lifelong agreements and
they do not want to be the person to
violate
any who've seen bodies. One of them has
talked about a place in which bodies are
stored where they stored.
Uh we'll we'll save that because that
might lead to uh you know people being
able to identify that that person.
Um anything about the bodies and
nothing about the bodies because I think
that that is privy to their um some a
lot of their NDAs and so forth. So they
they can't talk about that. How do you
think this stuff gets so well hidden?
Like, so, okay, I think there are some
really important foundational questions
that the Jake Barber story brings up,
which is if you can summon these things
on command,
then you probably have a thousand plus.
And if you have a thousand plus, then
you'd expect more leakage. You'd expect
more like, I saw the thing in the hanger
and I wasn't supposed to. I took a photo
and it's out.
You hear rumors on the other side of
this that we have 10 to 15 and they're
like, you know, only select things and
surround atomic sites or whatever. Yeah.
How [clears throat] many do we have? 10
to 15 and a thousand plus. That's a it's
a wide range.
And so clearly we can't like fully
attract these things at will would be my
guess because I think if we had a
thousand plus these things would have
leaked. So do you have kind of like a
mental model on that?
That's a good question because if we
look at Ryan S. Wood's fantastic book,
Magic Eyes Only, we can find over a
hundred cases of of UFO crash retrieval.
And even if only 20% of those are true,
that's still, you know, above 20.
There's also claims by Greer and others
that at some of these black sites, um,
one to two craft are brought down a
year. Uh, so I have no conceivable
notion of how many craft been brought
down or why they're brought down. You
know, you got guys like Philip J. Corso
who talk about the initial Roswell crash
being due to kind of conflicting radio
signatures messing with craft
navigation. You have uh testimonies like
the 1953 Kingman Arizona crash where
possibly nuclear testing from operation
upshot not hole mess with craft. And
then you have Barber's testimony that
psionic abilities can uh forcefully land
craft or or bring them down or they have
EM weapons to target the craft and bring
them down. And then there's also stories
about the 1983 strategic defense
initiative instituted by Ronald Reagan,
which was to act against Soviet ICD.
Star Wars. Yeah, this is the Star Wars
programs. I've talked to numerous
people, and I I talk about this all the
time in my projects that this likely had
a back door to both fund UAP programs
and act offensively against UAP. So
there there seems to be numerous methods
for them to crash accidentally or be
brought down forcefully. How many of how
often is that successful? I have no
idea. And what sort of technology is
being brought down? In in Jake's case,
we have the testimony of the egg and the
eight at eight gone. And there's also
the classic saucer and so forth. And uh
this technology is obviously not
ubiquitous. There's there's different
types of technology. There's different
craft design. One could reasonably
assume then there's different types of
NHI, some manned, some not manned. I
often think back to the 2008 um I'll
I'll say this slow because it's of
course very complicated but the 2008
contractor that rhymes with Bed Barton
wanting to uh devest themselves of a
craft to
you could say this David Grush said this
on Joe Rogan.
Oh okay. Okay. So in 2008 when Lockheed
wanted to get rid of materials Yeah. to
um the Osat program through the CIA
office, the director of science and
technology, Glenn Gaffne.
Um
and he blocked that.
Correct. He blocked that stopped that
from happening. And um you know, I have
really good reason to believe that this
was the 1950 this was materials or the
craft from the 1953 Kingman crash.
And there's also other lines of
research.
I believe that too, by the way. Okay.
Good.
Yeah. And there's other lines of
research to suggest that lucky the only
reason they were able to give this up is
because they were completely
uh comfortable in the fact that no
contract no other contractor no other
foreign government or no US government
could make any heads or tails with this
technology and that stands at a huge
juxosition from all the other stories of
alien reproduction vehicles being
created.
Yeah. So where where are you there?
Because I think this is really important
is like how how much have we actually
reverse engineered made progress and
made these things flyable and you've
gone really deep on this interesting
story of Mark McCandish, Brad Sorenson,
but I'd love to hear let's let's go over
that story and then and then I also just
want to kind of zoom out and get your
view on like have we reverse engineered
UFOs effectively? Okay, that so Brad
Sorenson uh he's an he's an industrial
designer with his friend aerospace
illustrator who had worked for defense
contractors popular science Mark
Mckandlish in either October in October
to December of 1988.
Yeah. So McCandish is a top aviation
illustrator working with the biggest
contractors
and you hear him speak and like the guy
doesn't seem like a liar to me.
He was a genius. He's super smart and
like just almost like slightly I don't
want to say autistic, but like you just
hear him speak and he oozes
authenticity.
Yeah.
So Mark and Brad are to go to an air
show at Norton Air Force Base in 1988.
Uh Mark had to not go to do work for
Popular Mechanics. We can actually see
the the cover of that magazine he worked
on. So Brad goes with some former
high-up official. I initially at the
time thought it might have been Frank
Carluchi, but it it might have been
somebody else he went with. The air
shows going on. There's all types of
interesting stuff, you know, fighters,
advanced technologies, and so forth. And
and then the person Brad is with brings
him to a classified exhibit at another
hanger and passes Brad off as his aid.
This was a former like secretary of
defense or really high person. And there
were other, you know, uh, senators
there, George Georgie. Brown Jr., U,
Cranston, so forth. Uh Mark kind of
thought this might have been flown down
to Air Force Plan 42 a couple miles
away, but after further research and
talking to some people, I do think this
event did occur at Norton. So Brad
Sornson is brought into a hanger where
all sorts of advanced aerospace vehicles
are shown off. Like
so this is like a back of the house more
secret version of the air show only for
select people.
Yeah. And so there's like a hovercraft,
there's the losing competitor to the B2
Spirit Bomber race. There's a craft
called the Pulsar, um, which is likely a
Lockheed Northrup Group craft. It's an
unmanned UAV, uh, unmanned aerial
vehicle. And it was designed to go at
incredible speeds with scramjet
technology to go super fast that could
deploy like 120 nuclear warheads on its
underbelly. Insane piece of technology.
And this whole giant uh this whole giant
hanger is separated by black curtain. So
eventually they go to the other side of
the black curtain and that's where mama,
baby, and papa bear are. These are three
flying saucers hovering off the ground.
Identical in composition but scaled to
different sizes.
What stood out to me from so
and these look like acorn shaped. Is
that right?
Yeah. It looks like a jello mold with
half a ping pong ball at the top.
Yep. And so sort of a typical saucer
shape or maybe what you would see in the
Kexsburg crash of 1965 is like a dome on
top and then
Yeah, like a dome on top. And I want to
pause here for a second because
historically people have said that Mark
Mcandalish has relayed the story
secondhand which he has cuz he created
line art of the craft which we'll go
into in a second. But uh this was not
supposed to be published what I found
and I was I was told it wasn't supposed
to be published by a person but I found
an original interview from I think 1990
with Brad Sorenson and Bill Scott of
Aviation Week and Space Technology. So
for the no longer is this a secondhand
retelling. No, this is straight from
Brad Sorenson. Okay, this is not a
secondhand encounter. This is straight
from Brad, who by the way gave me death
threats. I don't like Brad. Not a nice
guy. Yeah, he sent you some pretty weird
shots across the bow and said something
about so Mark Mccand died a sort of
strange death
and he said something like I couldn't
protect him anymore or something which
is and then I believe the filmmaker who
made this documentary I forget what the
name of the documentary is on Mark McAnd
which it's called Zero point something
about zero point
yeah the hunt for
it's not the hunt for zero point but
something about
like the story of Mark McCand
that's right something like that
I think James Allen he died in a weird
aggressive cancer in his autopsy report.
It showed evidence of heavy metal
poisoning,
right?
I've actually talked to the editor of
that interview since and he said that
they had received kind of threats uh
like Men in Black type encounters and
and so forth. So
So somebody did not want this out and so
okay Brad Sorenson actually has a
firsthand interview with Bill Scott of
Aviation Week goes back to the early
90s. What what what does he when was it
1990?
Was it 1990? So what what does he say?
So he said he saw these three craft.
There was a demonstration by like Cats
in Suits with a kind of a VCR and a
video showing the craft uh over a dry
lake bed hopping hopping hopping
shooting up into the air. And there were
some panels pulled off of the craft and
essentially the bottom portion had what
looked like a giant like Tesla coil
almost like uh copper plates and a
rotary arm to reach out. The top part
looked like a removable crew cabin. Um
this had F4 Phantom jump seat super crap
like a a hand ball. um uh control
mechanism, which by the way, that was
the control mechanism for the triangular
craft and secret machines by Tom Dong,
but that's a whole another story. Uh and
the thing looked like all three looked
like crap. Um Sorenson said that it
looked like it was made by scientists,
not engineers. There was no um beauty in
design. There was no streamlining of
features. There was slag on it, chips.
These things looked like they had beaten
up. There were rivets on the outside.
And so eventually during the the pitch
for this was to garner funding because
Reagan had put a lot of effort into this
project with with Star Wars and so forth
and the incoming administration. They
wanted to see just as much advanced
aerospace uh money put in. And so the
story behind this by the men in charge
uh was that these craft were created
were copied from technology found in a
crash in 47. The technology was not
given to us. It was forcibly taken. it
was never meant to be had the people who
it was taken from or the things that it
was taken from was it was taken
forcefully and that this was our poor
man's interpretation of how this
technology worked. So interesting
because yeah that that's the rumor about
Roswell. It was high-powered radar that
we sort of you know that messed with
interfered with the the flight patterns
of these UFOs and then they they come
down
and we weren't meant to have this stuff.
And then you hear rumors in and around
legacy programs of like
whatever beings are in control of the
UFOs like want their stuff back and are
extremely angry at the legacy UFO
programs. And so that begets all sorts
of weird onlogical questions there. But
I want to stick with the court details.
So what else gives you conviction that
this is that this is true and that we do
have flyable UFOs because I I just
think, you know, so many people are
going to sort of be skeptical,
right? I completely understand. It's
such a crazy topic, but this was the
birthplace of what we'll call ARV, alien
reproduction vehicle. This was kind of
the first ever big testimony of it. And
Mark McCandal before he passed in 2020
due to a self-inflicted gunshot wound
that you know who knows he investigated
the flux liner what it was called ARV
multiple times. He talked to an
individual named Kent Selin who said he
saw this over Edwards Air Force Base in
the 70s. He has an image taken by a
pilot Harvey something I can't quite
remember over Provo Utah right by
Dougway proving grounds in the 60s and
that looks identical down to the
synthetic vision system on the outside
which was an array of cameras to kind of
point to a location. And
that's what's so interesting about this.
It's as if
we were given this sort of intact shell
and then we
retroactively patchworked on like kind
of low tech.
Yeah. Like the jump seats. the jump
seats and the cameras and then you kind
of like make you like make this thing
work. But like it's this really low tech
combined with the really high-tech that
we were given or something.
But this isn't the only example. You
know, there's the controversial account
of Edgar Fuche. A lot of people like to
discount um especially because they like
to say that Fuchche has has been
debunked due to a lot of uh controversy
with the alien scientist that I still
think is it's really worth revisiting. I
talked about it a little bit, but
the alien scientist is this YouTuber
named Jeremy Ree.
Yeah. Yeah. And he had a relationship
with Fuchche.
Okay. Oh, interesting.
I've talked to the guy. He's he's a nice
guy.
Yeah. Yeah. He's cool.
But he's pretty he's pretty critical of
Fuche.
So, yeah. What So, what's up with Edgar
Fuche? And
so, Fuche was a Yusf master sergeant
that actually has
USAF is United States Air Force.
He has verifiable work at Area 51 in the
70s.
Okay. And he said whilst at Area 51, he
would work on like advanced satellite
uplinks and so forth. But he would come
to learn from uh various friends he
knew, including some NSA officials of
the TR3B, reverse engineered flying
triangle.
Y,
weirdly enough, I've talked to a guy who
former uh army in the the mid 2010s who
said he saw a a like a triangle craft
jut off of an airway in Area 51. That
that's pretty interesting. Well, we can
say this now because I said this in my
piece with Randy Anderson. Randy
Anderson, you know, who you introduced
me to this Green Beret, amazing guy who
claimed to be taken, you know, uh, to
this off-world technologies division,
naval surface warfare crane,
also occasionally does contractor work
at Area 51. And he told he's told both
of us now and I've said this publicly
that he has seen triangle craft that he
can only presume take uses
electrogravetic propulsion because it's
not using you know normal flight
principles at least observably to him
take off at Area 51.
Yeah. Well, this is even a separate guy
too.
Okay. So then you have another guy.
Yeah. He he said that this took off
during a a in the cow hall at A51 the
during classified takeoffs of aircraft
the windows are supposed to be lowered
nobody looks outside but because he was
with a colonel um they just kind of
looked outside and a a craft took up it
didn't disturb any of the dust around it
shot up silently just vertically
straight up
and there's so many stories about this
even Paul Benowitz
who was totally mentally screwed up with
in scoped by Rick Dodie Air Force
officer special investigations and
project beta's great book by Greg Bishop
documents all of this. Um, you know,
like even him like the reason that he
got onto the radar of all these kind of
like counter intel people was because he
saw this craft, you know, vertically
taking off and landing at Kirtland Air
Force Base that looked to be like it was
like it was employing exotic flight
principles, right? And we know from
William Steinman, this great researcher,
UFO researcher, that this guy Eric Henry
Wang, who ran special projects at Wright
Patterson, right airfield at the time,
was taken to Kirtland Air Force Base to
work probably on some of this exotic
flight stuff.
Yeah. And Wang was also talked about by
primary Kingman witness um Arthur
Stansel Jr.
Yep. So So that's that's funny, too. But
this craft, the TR3B, uh there were
allegedly multiple versions, a prototype
and operational version ranging from 200
to 600 uh feet in diameter, um crewing
four, serving as logistics and
transportation for what could only be
known as a secret space fleet. The
propulsion device for this system was
reverse engineered by Sandia and
Livermore, two FFRDC's. The program was
ran by the NSA, CIA, and NRO. And the
contractors at work were Northrup
Grumman, Loheed Martin, Boeing, a couple
others. But here's what's
I hate to say this. This all makes so
much sense.
But it just fits the most stuff you
learn.
This is the most interesting part to me
about the whole TR3B thing.
Yeah.
Fuche says the pilots for this were
plucked from the Air Force test pilot
school.
Okay.
Which takes place at Edwards, which is
the 412th test wing. There's a witness
that contacted Greer in 2023 that I in I
found his name, investigated him
thoroughly in an Edwards piece that
claimed he operated out of uh Edwards
Air Force Base in Nellis and Area 51 on
testing reverse engineered vehicles. I
have shown you a little bit about this
guy, right? including like the work he
did at the Pentagon and Nellis and
Edwards and he was a director of an
electronic or kind of an electronics
warfare group at Edwards under the 412
test wing
which is exactly what Fuchets had said
tested the TR3 vehicles. That is a
phenomenal case.
Um
so what does he say exactly?
So he said he tested reverse engineered
vehicles um
and
at Area 51
at Area 51 and Edwards. So he said in
2000 1998 to 2002 this guy Ed um was
briefed into programs that while he was
at Nellis under the 98th Range Wing um
which became the Nevada Test and
Training Range which is pretty
interesting in itself but that then in
about 2006 he was sent to Edwards to
actually work in said programs as a
director of an electronics warfare group
and like I vetted this guy quite well.
I've tried to contact him in numerous
ways. Would you ever put out a story
with him or
if he would talk to me, I would
instantly
Okay.
Instantly.
So, you just know about you're not in
contact.
My My number is blocked by him. I've
tried to call him, email him. I've he
told me about him. Yeah.
I've tried to message him on social
media. Funny enough, one time he
accepted a Snapchat request
and I messaged him, but he never got
back.
No. So, this is what I think one of the
most consequential untapped testimonies
there is. So many of these guys like as
soon as you initiate contact they say a
little thing and they say a thing they
get kind of excited and then and then
and then they get spooked.
Well, Greer did the right thing with
this witness Ed. He was going to bring
him in front of uh Senate Select
Committee on Intelligence to testify.
The guy got cold feet right beforehand
and I like I had this confirmed to me by
elements of of Senate and so forth. So
this isn't just Greer saying that.
But this guy was supposed to testify
by like a Senate aid or like
Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. And this guy was supposed to speak
but got cold feet. Why is that? Because
he was threatened. I don't know. There's
other If you look through the Greer
archive, there's other witnesses. It's
actually really interesting to see
witnesses who are going to talk to Greer
and so forth, but then say they've been
threatened with some really horrible
crimes. Um like really grossed stuff.
Yeah. That if they continue re to talk
will happen. I just don't understand why
there isn't some sort of limited
disclosure around these things existing
because it's like in the event in which
you know we're at par with China and
Russia why wouldn't you let out some
like basic surface area that this stuff
exist like that that's what is it just
this bureaucratic [__] overhang or
there real national security reasons for
not letting this stuff out and not not
letting it fool you out but like like
nuclear physics is not classified
nuclear trade secrets are why can't why
Is that not fully analogous to this?
I mean, it must be even looking at the
testimony of Ed, he said 2009 to 2010,
he was part of an air force going public
plan that was called off by a twostar
general.
Yeah, there are all these was like um
uh you had uh under the Bush White
House, Bush 43, they were going to do
this sort of, you know, possible they
were they were going to they're thinking
about disclosure and Hal Putoff was part
of this advisory group and they were
talking about it and um anyways, Bush
43, so Hal Putoff is on record saying
that Bush 43 contemplated disclosure
with Steven Hadley, national security
adviser, and uh you know, Dick Cheney
who David brush is on record saying, you
know, uh uh was one of the gatekeepers
for the program and they decided that it
was too ontologically shocking to let
this out and that we you know we
couldn't publicly disclose uh about UFOs
and I think that turned into a group
where they were reading about like
they're reading the threebody problem
and other [laughter] things like
so super interesting.
I mean this could also boil down to
and the threebody problem for people
that don't know is a science a Chinese
science fiction novel.
It's a great series. It's a great
series. It involves basically like
aliens controlling almost all frontier
science. Yeah.
Um and and sort of reality itself and
being able to stagnate but also, you
know, upstart physics and um yeah,
reality being sort of information
theoretic in nature and the whole the
whole thing is so fascinating.
And this could all all deal with the
subject of of ARVs. But real quick, you
mentioned Dick Cheney. A little
interesting
uh factoid is there is a supposed S4
whistleblower named Derek Hennessy who
claimed he was a Navy Seal. He wasn't a
Navy Seal. I had this confirmed so
already not off to a good start, but he
claimed he worked at S4 and sometime in
the the mid9s that Dick Cheney came into
S4. But the the funny connection there
is that um I can't remember the exact
year, but Dick Cheney was actually going
around to air bases around the US to
close up what he what he didn't think
was uh operating efficiently. So that's
that's kind of a
So we know we know that he was going
around to Air Force bases. That's
fascinating.
But we don't but Dererick Hennessy lied
about being a SEAL so we don't know.
So we don't know what's up there. Yeah.
Yeah. It's so I mean yeah the Dick
Cheney thing I don't know what to think
about it. But if there was a government
behind our government, Dick Cheney would
be the tip of the spear of that thing.
Like if you read there's Barton Gellman
um biography of him his called the the
angller
and it's like that dude single-handedly
architected the Iraq war based on like
false intelligence and
he was a representative of a lot of
oligarchic sort of corporate interests
and you know and then Hallebertton gets
the contract once we go kind of screw up
Iraq and then he gets the contract. It's
like there's something to that guy where
you even read George W. Bush's book,
Decision Points, and you're like,
"Yeah, your decisions locally are being
made based on, you know, certain
intelligence being given to you, and
those decisions actually don't seem
extremely irrational at each moment."
And then it's like, who's giving you the
intel? And it's [__] Dick [laughter]
Cheney. And like there's some other guys
like, you know, Wolf Witz and, you know,
sort of cast of neocon characters, but
like Cheny's at the heart of it.
Yeah. I mean, he would make sense as a
person at the top of the pyramid like
like Russ.
Yes. Yeah. person at the top of pyramid
and maybe of a lineage. I'm about to do
a piece on Henry Kissinger in UFOs. And
I think there's some connections there.
And it's like if you pick a modern Henry
Kissinger, it would be Dick Cheney, you
know, it's like this guy
is the man behind the man,
right? But so we were talking about um
the ARV and and the TR3B.
Yeah.
Uh and according to Fuche and so forth,
that's not the only uh triangular alien
reproduction vehicle that's that's in
kind of UFO lore. M
there's also if you reference forensic
artists I've talked about this a few
times Bill McDonald who's done a lot of
work on drawing the Roswell craft. He
actually worked with Robert and Ryan
Wood to create the two uh
extraterrestrial biological entities
mentioned in the majestic document the
special operations manual. In 1992,
McDonald met with two Northrup and two
Loheed engineers who were fed up with
the secrecy and classification of their
work who kind of dictated the a drawing
of a triangular ARV called the XF-131
Super Sentinel that operated off of like
um RCS radar cross-section facilities in
the Mojave Desert. And I I' I've talked
to McDonald about this and he maintains
the secrecy of these engineers to this
day. I said, "Hey, can I can I talk to
these people?" But that design actually
was uh featured in the first ever
episode of the X-Files because um I
can't Chris or something. Chris Carr.
Yeah, Chris. Yeah. Contracted Bill
McDonald to put that in the
Chris Carr is the creator of the XFiles,
right? Bill McDonald was contracted to
put that in the first ever episode of
the XFiles. Um which was allegedly based
on true stories from John Duza. And that
episode is about a triangular alien
reproduction triangular alien
reproduction vehicle that's seen over an
Air Force base. It's the same design. I
I've put some featured some clips of
that. That's so interesting.
I think Hollywood has been engaging in
soft UFO disclosure for 30 or 40 years
through these CIA liaison.
We have Spielberg's new movie
disclosure.
It's called now called Disclosure. And I
was talking to Chris Ramsey again, great
YouTube channel. Go follow it. Area 52.
And he was like, "What if a UFO is shown
as part of that movie? Wouldn't that not
be the best way to disclose?" And like I
I'm kind of I'm on his side. Like maybe
maybe that happens. Um, and then
historically too, you've had, you know,
uh, Close Encounters of the Third Kind,
which involves Jacqu Valet and Jay Allen
Heinik. Jacqu Valet's played as a
character by France watch. You see
crates that say Locked in Northrup.
No, don't they say works in TRW TRW?
They either if they say that then you're
like, okay, they're talking about Next
Level Knowledge, then they really know.
Cuz TRW was bought by Northrup in 2002,
right?
And TRW was the contractor behind the
Zodiac story, which was an alleged
crash. So I think they do say skunk
works and because close encounters of
the third kind was
they do okay I don't know
interesting fact about TRW Jacques Valet
has talked about Dr. Eric A. Walker we
talked about earlier being a on the
board of directors or a chairman of TRW
as well.
Oh wow fascinating. [laughter]
Yeah I mean Spielberg was dialed in with
you have to go deep to talk about skunk
works and TRW.
Yeah in the film.
Yeah. Well, we let's look up, you know,
at some point whether it's locking north
skorks.
Well, that's next level then. Yeah, he
knows a lot of also on the towns and
brown who I'm sure discovered some
interesting effects in the world of
gravity. I'm sure of that. I I feel very
high conviction in that. And I just
interviewed Carl Nell who's the deputy
CTO of Northrup Grumman where I'm saying
again that the this gravity technology
got probably implemented in the B2
stealth bomber and he's the deputy CTO
of Northr Gumman and he goes go watch
Jesse's video on Thomas Towns and Brown
when I ask him are there is there
anything sort of useful or applicable in
the UFO story.
Jesse's done a number of podcasts
looking into Taylor Towns and Brown and
some other very interesting uh like
heretical technologies. So, I'd invite
people uh an unsolicited plug to check
out some of Jesse's podcasts.
So, there's more corroboration beyond
that on on the TT Brown stuff. Um, but
where was I going with what were you
just saying? The the
TRW closing cutters of the third kind
before that. Uh,
oh, okay. So, Steven Spielberg uh
executive produced Back to the Future.
Yeah. And the the the the subplot of the
whole Thomas Towns and Brown story is
that gravity affects time. In general
relativity, gravity and time are tightly
coupled. They're related. And his he
talks about time travel constantly with
his family. Like that's something that's
really and if you think about it, if we
were to ever engage in effective
interstellar travel, it would involve
space-time metric engineering.
Inherently, you can't get around that.
Even with nuclear thermal propulsion,
you get to the closest star system in
40,000 years. That's too biologically
that does not work, right?
So, he's super into time travel and then
you have Back to the Future come out,
which is a Steven Spielberg executive
produced movie. The guy's name is Doc
Brown, which everybody called Thomas
Towns and Brown. His name is EMTT Brown.
EM TT Brown. Thomas Townsen Brown is in
the name. He uses his flux capacitor.
Thomas Townsen Brown's experiments are
capacitor experiments. And he uh goes
back in time in 1985 which is the year
Thomas Townsen Brown dies to 1957 which
is when I think his experiment was first
experimentally uh uh proven around
around that time at the Bonson labs.
It's the time that physics sort of went
astray in the wrong direction when I
think the anti-gravity stuff went black.
And so it's just I don't know there's so
much there uh that I think begets this
like greater and then ET even is
extremely interesting. ET and the kid
like lock like they have some sort of
weird psionic connection and you
remember they're in the hospital
together and ET's like heart rate is
matching the kid's heart rate and you
have all this stuff around the psionic
connection that's now coming out. You
also have the consciousness connection
there where the mother is walking around
the kitchen and like these kids have
taken these kids see the ETSs but the
mother doesn't and like the ET is sort
of like walking around the fridge and
the mother doesn't see it cuz like her
perceptive she's closed off to these
realities. Um so like I I I think
Stephen Spielberg definitely has been
fed some really interesting UFO stuff
over the years.
And was it Spielberg or Cameron that
created the film The Abyss?
That was James Cameron. Okay, cuz that's
also an interesting one about USO.
Totally.
It's it's interesting to see these these
concepts relate in Hollywood cuz
James Cameron, Steven Spielberg, and
Christopher Nolan are definitely fed
intense secret [__]
Yeah,
they they [laughter] have to be
absolutely
because on one hand you have films like
Independence Day uh which is just a
bombastic action film glorified. But
then on the other hand, you have very
thoughtful projects like Close
Encounters of the Third Kind and to an
extent ET and and as we know now,
but even even like not even like where
does the concept of Men in Black Men in
Black sounds quacky.
Yeah.
But like if you go talk to Richard
Dolan, who's a super deep UFO
researcher, Men in Black are the they're
they are this thing. They're in these
suits and they show up after UFO
abduction experiences, UFO sightings,
and they often take people's footage or
swear them to secrecy. And he thinks,
Dolan thinks they're almost like the
counterintel group of the aliens
themselves. They erase your memory. And
so it's turned into this like kind of
jokey funny, you know, movie with Will
Smith,
but like even that like where is that
derived to begin with,
right?
And it's just so it's so it's it's so
fascinating, you know? That's
interesting that I because I've heard
that idea floated around before that the
like colloquial men in black are almost
like a non-human entity because I almost
I I'd like to hear more about that
because I almost stand on the other
side. I I straight up think that the men
in black in a sense are NSA spooks. So,
I would say the same thing, but like you
meet with certain people like Whitley
Strieber and other just experiencers
and like these guys seem to like have
technology available to them that's not
available to the general public and may
maybe that is just like okay so it's
like AAM's razor it's like NSA or
something but it's weird techn it's like
implants that involve technological
mediumship as Whitley Street I felt his
implant in his Really?
Yeah, I felt it and it's the weirdest
thing in the world. And he says it moves
with his own metabolism. I haven't
verified that. But like,
has he ever thought about getting that
cut out?
He wants to get it cut out, but he says
it moves every time. And I felt the
thing and it's not natural. So, unless
he's totally grifting and putting the
thing in his ear, even though he's not
really like making that much money now
off of UFOs and it happened after he
wrote Communion and like like it's like
I don't know, man. The whole thing's so
strange. That is interesting that you
know perhaps the two are not mutually
exclusive
because there's also stories like have
you heard of of treat
it's this it's the supposed uh men in
black uh unit out of the NSA called the
tactical reconnaissance engineering
assessment search team which was created
by Stubbleine
ah
and it's only ever been talked about by
Fuche and Hans Adams the crown prince of
Likensstein
so that's come up for me and I I've
never brought that up but how yeah
[laughter] how do you think that the
crown prince of Likenstein cuz I've
heard some very interesting things about
him. He seems like a really cool guy,
but like really interested in the spooky
science stuff.
I've only ever seen his his discussions
with like Greer in the emails on the DPI
archive and looked up a few things about
him and him mentioning treat. Besides
that, I have no idea because I would see
that and I said crown prince of
Likensstein in a small central European
company. What have you what have you
found out about him? Because that's
that's pretty
I don't I I I don't you know I I I don't
know. I probably shouldn't say because
the conversations I've had are in
confidence, but he seems very
interesting and interested in sort of
secret science. One more piece of
possible corroboration of you know maybe
it being a combo as far as the men in
black is I did speak to Hal put off
recently and I was trying to figure out
I was like is it is it their program you
know is it the NHI program or is it our
program and he goes what if it's a joint
space program he goes I might believe
that maybe there's something and we're
worried he did yeah
to me
geez
yeah so in haluto off is I think as deep
as it gets when it comes to sort of
outside the Overton window science which
is now being vindicated. I mean, he was
just on a podcast in December which was
co-sponsored by National Science
Foundation
and like you had like pretty high up DOE
people on the podcast and all these
amazing people with pretty impressive
credentials. The former head of
revolutionary tech at Skunk Works are
all on this podcast and he's talking
about extended electronamics and gravity
manipulation. And I think it's clearly
this sort of limited hangout where it's
like, let's partially expose some things
so that people can, you know, learn a
little bit more about some science that
we've been sitting on, especially again
if China has caught up. You can't just,
you know, throw people off the trail
constantly. You need some limited
surface area around it. But yeah, Hal
Putoff did say and you know, it's always
I love Hal, but it's always this sort of
like, you know, tongue-in-cheek like
half speculating, so you never quite
know. never commits to he never commits
to something. He always goes a whole zoo
of possibilities and it's like a b c and
d and then you have to decide you know
I I sometimes I I wonder about how and
how much he'll he'll commit to to
subjects because under his toutelage and
good friend of course is Eric Davis
and uh recently like as you know missile
man myself and others talking to Eric
Davis
you did a great interview with Eric
he said a lot of interesting things but
he also said some a couple things I
disagree with one he said um that the
only FFRDC he knew of was the aerospace
corporation which I I disagree with but
I think that's because he was only read
into a sub selection of legacy programs
under OAP. But he also said that alien
reproduction vehicles don't exist.
Do you think there's aircraft systems
that have kind of leveraged
technologies?
Definitely no aircraft systems that have
leveraged anything. Um and there's been
no one to one reproduction. A lot of
that fell into the psyche of of the UFO
community because of Bob Lazar and then
Brad Senson and Mark Mark McCandless. So
I don't know where they're coming from.
And then other people kind of came out
of the woodwork saying the same thing,
but no proof,
right?
And I'm only left with two possibilities
when I think about that. One is that
he's lying. Two is that he was only read
into a select subsection of programs
that only overlapped Locky trying to get
rid of Kingman materials and thus he
would not know about ARV because those
weren't part of the the program. And I I
kind of lean towards towards that
explanation because I I really don't
agree with that assessment. And uh at at
the end of the interview, I I had a
little notebook with the flux liner on
it. I said, "You know, Dr. Davis, you
really haven't even considered this
testimony of Mark McCandish and the Flux
Liner." And he said, but right before we
cut off, well, Hal Putoff interviewed
Brad Sorenson. And we never got to talk
about that more. And to this day, I want
to ask him so badly about how that went
because Hal has spoken to Sorenson.
Wow.
And I I And I just need to know how that
goes. I wish Hal could speak a little
bit more candidly in an open setting
because he's also super KY in the
program with James Fox and he's also
kind of integral to the story of Zodiac,
the alleged crash retrieval program
first introduced in UFO magazine in
1998.
What is Zodiac?
God, that's a really interesting one. So
in 1998 um UFO magazine published a
story uh by a pseudonym Greg Halifax
about Sedge Masters a a story about
somebody who is brought into a UFO crash
retrieval program called Zodiac. This
occurred in 1988, 2001 or 2002. There's
an email chain with how put off Kit
Green and Eric Davis talking about the
Santilly alien autopsy film and so
forth. And Kit Green saying he saw
different pictures of an alien autopsy.
But then in a later thread in that
email, somebody one of the three brings
up Zodiac and the SGE Master story. And
most of this work needs to be credited
to of course uh Richard Dolan who
actually tracked down the very likely
author of the Zodiac story and puts a
lot of faith that the Zodiac was indeed
a crash retrieval program and it was
operated by TRW. So that's just a
fascinating story how even uh it seems
like everything kind of post 2000 or
post 1995 how Eric and Kit
what is the core story of Zodiac like
what is
it's essentially the Majestic 12 by
another name
because the Majestic 12 for people who
don't know was introduced under the the
Majestic 12 documents first appeared in
1984 in a film canister to UFO reason or
to TV producer Jamie Chandere and this
included the Eisenhower briefing
document and later the special operation
manual and then a whole host of other
documents. And this details the Majestic
12, a supposed UFO crash retrieval and
reverse engineering group spearheaded by
Vanavar Bush, including Dr. Ros or
including Rosco Hilloder, Dr. Donald
Menzel, I think his name is um Vonoman.
Vonman, Jerome Hunaker,
uh uh who else? Denzel Ward Vandenberg.
Yeah. Hit Vandenberg. uh Nathan Twining,
you a bunch of head honchos in military
intelligence science.
And so, you know, Majestic 12, Zodiac,
12 12 signs. Some some might suggest in
the the realm of UFO study that Zodiac
is another name for Majestic 12, just
like Majestic 12 has been called other
names like the working group, the PI40
by that guy ah we talked about with
Greer. So, it's a super interesting
story that I I hope sees more more
coverage because uh Richard Dolan has
been a true trailblazer in the Zodiac
story and it's just kind of like the
secret uh retrieval team. I So, to be
quite plain after talking with Ryan
Wood, I think the Majestic 12 did exist
in a capacity and probably still exists
today, but I am hesitant to think about
like a very ubiquitous crash retrieval
team. I think that there's a very wide
swath of retrieval teams and retrieval
operations. Well, there are people
who've I think are pretty credible who
talk about this like these continuity of
government programs. So the 5412
committee, you know, national security,
you know, committee, you know, back in
the 50s and 60s that turned into the 303
committee which turned into the
committee of 40. Do you have anything to
say about that as as far as their kind
of, you know, interest in
the only thing I know is that John B,
Colonel John B. Alexander said that the
Majestic 12 was specifically a
continuity of government program,
right? But I I hasten to adhere to what
he says because he lied about the
special operations manual.
He lied about a bunch of stuff and even
in the Wilson memo, you know, where they
so you know the Wilf of course you know
Wilson memo. So this is
was it 1997?
1997 was when the Greer Will Miller uh
Thomas Wilson Steven Lovekin meeting
took place. The briefing took place.
Okay. Interesting. But when was and then
2002 is this meeting between Eric Davis
who's again this output off protege
propulsions expert. Yeah. And like
exotic physics expert. It's in the
parking lot of EG&G
and he is meeting with Admiral to Thomas
Wilson who's head of joint chafts joint
chiefs J2. You know
like intelligence for JCS at the time.
So he should have like all exotic tech
under his purview. And he's extremely
he's basically expressing extreme
dissatisfaction that you had these rogue
groups working on purportedly UFOs who
he met with and it's out of his
jurisdiction. And in that document that
I believe was found in the Edgar
Mitchell estate.
In that document uh it says JA is a liar
and I think JA is John Alexander.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, cuz John Alexander has been
uh publicly said, "Oh, Majestic 12
exists. It had nothing to do with UFOs
and uh kind of all of that before." And
of course, he kind of said myth's truths
about what Dr. Ryan Wood said about the
special operations manual. Ryan Wood and
Robert Wood did a ton of provenence
research on the on the majestic
documents getting the physical onion
skin documents, putting them through
rigorous testing of materials. But what
do you think about these documents?
Because they're the popular view like
with those kind of old school like UFO
researchers like Robert Hastings, you
know, who wrote UFOs and nukes
is that these were p this was passage
material. So it was like meant to detect
spies. It contained all sorts of
falsities. You're giving it to this film
producer who's friends with all these
UFO researchers, Jamie Shandera, and
then I think other versions of the
Majestic 12 were then doled out in
packages to other UFO researchers
because there's a whole host of
documents and the pro the source cannot
be all from the same person and a bunch
of varying quality documents.
I tend to adhere to the work of Stanton
Friedman who spent a bunch of time
authenticating the uh special operations
manual and Eisenhower briefing document
with the woods. I I think those two
probably have the strongest claims of of
real documents as well as the two IPU
interplanetary phenomenon unit reports.
One of them is a seven-page report that
sounds very similar to the Eisenhower
briefing document and talks about the
Roswell crash retrieval and so forth.
Later on down the line, you get a lot of
other documents like the burned memo and
the project Aquarius document from Lee
Graham. the uh burned memo or the
project Aquarius, one of them, I can't
remember which, actually makes reference
to project zodiac, by the way, and like
project Jehovah and MK Ultra, but a lot
of the earlier documents like the
Eisenhower briefing document, a lot of
the dates and specific um discussions
line up with real events. Um for
example, James Forestto meeting with
Truman, dates are mentioned when those
two met and kind of discuss the future
or the inception of Majestic 12 and so
forth. If you look in the library of
Truman, library of Eisenhower when he's
supposedly briefed, these presidents and
president incumbents had diary recently
came out and it showed a meeting with
him and Eisenhower or something and that
was like a real meeting and it his diary
came out after the Majestic 12 documents
obviously had come out and they
corroborated the information in the
Majestic 12 documents.
probably similar to the Lazar stuff
where it's like some of this stuff is
just true
and then maybe true and under a
different name and maybe they were
looking for spies and there was some
passage material involved but
yeah it is interesting
and then there were other documents like
the Cutler Twining memo that are is
really difficult to dispute and so
forth. I was actually reading on the the
plane over here different validation of
majestic documents and there there's
just been a like a lot of mentions of uh
majestic documents before including a I
can't remember the general's name but a
four-star general who was asked about
the documents. He said they're real or
the Majestic 12 is real. I can't tell
you any more than that. I cuz I know
that the Majestic 12 to many sort of
hobbyists in this subject is nothing
more than kind of conspiracy material,
right? They just think Majestic 12 may,
you know, not true. just
but if you were to simulate back then if
a UFO issue were a thing
and we had exotic materials and we were
in contact with you know an
extraterrestrial or interdimensional
intelligence you would need our best and
brightest on it
and if you look at that list of people
those would be the those would be the
people on it yeah Vanavar Bush would be
heading it up
and then of course Vanavar Bush is
completely unconnected with Robert
Sarbacher and Dr. Eric A. Walker as also
mentioned as the head of UFO research.
That's right. And then you have Gordon
Gray who was also on the Majestic Don
Menzel who admitted you know he was
super read in on a Navy CIA a bunch of
you know uh uh pretty classified info
and admitted as much actually uh to
Kennedy and Stanton Friedman actually
writes about this was sort of in charge
of disinfo and debunking which he was
debunking a lot of and there's this
amazing Swedish astronomer Beatatrice
Valale and she talks about Menzel having
like deleted like all this astronomical
information from like 1953 and onwards
in uh from the Harvard Observatory
and at the Harvard Undersea Observatory
at the time you had Robert Sarbacher. He
was working there and then the number I
think James Conit was the president of
Harvard and he was like the number two
guy in you know um
uh uh uh the Manhattan project at the
time. So yeah, I I don't know. It's it's
hard to say but it sort of makes sense
as directionally correct.
Yeah. And you know, it's it's not
unreasonable to think that the group
evolved over time, changed names and so
forth. I mean, you have in 198
um 7 or86 or 87 when Eric Walker is
asked by Styon about the Majestic 12 and
he gives the Don Kyote impersonation.
You're chasing after windmills. It's
it's impossible to chase after the
Majestic 12. The Majestic documents were
first delivered to um Chandere and
Freriedman and so forth in 1984. That's
when the first documents were actually
uh kind of received but weren't given to
like a muon symposium until ' 87. But
what's interesting is the documents were
kind of mailed out in ' 84 and then if
we look at the re or look at the
manuscript of Corso, it kind of seems
like around ' 86 the majestic 12 took on
a new name, the UFO working group and
got new blood like uh like Albert
Stubble and some NSA people and some CIA
people. So, it's interesting to think
how this group may have evolved over
time and possibly it changed its name to
the working group because it was aware
of the leaks at the time. The whole
history is fascinating. I think maybe
you know one of the tip of the spear
frontier
longitudinal timeline assessments of
like you know all UFO oversight is this
great article by Chris Sharp at the
Liberation Times.
Oh yeah. It's really interesting stuff
and there's some connections you've made
between Woods Hole and like, you know,
some, you know, Yeah. Crane. Exactly.
And and Randy Anderson's story.
But I also just want to touch on, you
know, he talks about how it was the OSS,
the Office of Strategic Services, which
was before the National Security Act,
before the CIA, you know, was formed.
They were sort of in charge of like the
initial UFO, you know, custody. And I I
think we have a decent map of actually
what occurred. So David Grush says that
there's this magenta crash in Lombardi
in Italy in 1933. Exactly.
I've now made the connection through
some people. This woman Pipa Malmrren
who's amazing um really interested in
the UFO thing, but she was actually
special assistant to George W. Bush. She
made it clear to me that um James Jesus
Angleton was the US like OSS person
involved in Italy at the time. And so
rumors are that the you have this
magenta crash and then uh Mussolini goes
to Hitler and says, "Is this yours?" to
the Nazis, right?
And then they end up working together on
it. And so this magenta crash ends up
probably being worked on by the Nazis,
which explains these like DLA, you know,
rumors, uh, and Klerab and sort of check
modern Czechoslovakia and Poland where
they're working on these flying saucers.
We have tons of reports around this from
Rudolph Shrivever, Richard Meita, a
bunch of guys at the time along with
Paul Melon and Alan Dulles. There's a
story of Paul Melon kind of spilling the
beans to his, you know, grandson who's
alive now, John Warner IV about like
being sitting, you know, uh, standing
over a UFO uh that that can employ
exotic flight principles in modern day
Czechoslovakia.
Wow. And so you can you kind of can come
up with this thread of like the Lombardi
Magenta crash happens. It goes to the
Nazis. Maybe there's some custody where
the Vatican is involved as well.
I've heard that I've heard that from
Grush.
I've heard that from Grush. And then it
goes over to the US and then it's worked
on at right airfield and you have all
these operation overcast paperclip Nazi
scientists who then that that's part of
the rush to get the Nazi scientists is
to get the ones who are like that deep,
you know, this deep on like really
exotic, you know, uh, flight principles
and UFO stuff. We now know Hans Conler
himself, who is in charge of the
blackest of the black Vundrava programs
for the Nazis, made his way to the US.
And so you kind of have this
somewhat consistent narrative of like
what happened with this early UFO crash
and how the US started to get involved
with this stuff and all the guys who
were involved in the early Marshall plan
and tech transfer programs. Kissinger
was an army counterintel guy who was
doing tech retrieval at the time.
Um and you have other examples you know
you mentioned foresttoall foresttoall
you know was as well and he was
secretary of the navy. So
Mhm. blew himself out of the naval
hospital in Bethesda.
Yeah. Exactly. Midsophocles poem. He
Yeah.
And the magenta case is so interesting
because Mussolini thought it was a a
Nazi advanced craft or a British or
American advanced craft when he had his
own special investigation group, the
RS33, who was like really keen on the
fact this wasn't human technology and
then likely worked with the Nazis.
Yeah. And apparently Marone's grandson
might be like on the verge of saying
something. you have this uh Penote, this
Italian UFO researcher who's like really
on that trail. Um, I'd love to hear of
more of a description because the only
real description we have are is from the
RS33 like a disc and then grush like a
lenticular shape
and that that begs the question when we
brought over operation paperclipip
scientists so Nazi scientists if um if
there's kind of a collaboration in crash
retrieval groups today in even in 2023
you had uh Canadian uh defense member or
parliament member Larry Maguire who
wrote to the head of Canadian defense uh
wanting to bring the Canadian people up
to speed on UFO programs because there
was an active five eyes nation that was
working together on material
exploitation and so forth.
Well, there's a scientific principle
called the Kwanda effect and it involves
stabilizing basically a saucer-like
craft and there's a p this guy Henry
Kanda was this guy's Romanian scientist.
He has a patent on this from 1936 and I
think it points he was in Vichi France
but he basically was forced to work
under the Nazis and then he was taken to
Wright Patterson
to work on project Y which was an
extension of the Avro car project which
is trying to get flying saucers to work
and so and then and uh William Steinman
connects this with Thomas Towns and
Brown and his gravity experiments where
they were coordinating with Thomas Towns
and Brown and wanted to see if the
gravity stuff worked so they could
incorporate it into these saucers or or
whatever that they had.
I wonder how much that collaboration
takes place cuz you know in in Grushia's
NewsNation interview he talks about like
a multi-deade cold war with our
adversaries we can assume is Russia and
China. I think back to uh Jonathan
Wayant's encounter in 97 in Peru once he
sees the UFO. He's taken in by these
guys in DOE's rain jackets. He's flown
to a place on a CH47 interrogated for
days. when he's brought to this
location, this uh like obscure military
base, there's not only Americans there,
but there's Chinese, there's Germans,
and so who else is collaborating on
these these projects that there's a
multi-deade cold war?
Well, that's that that's the Lazar uh
rumor as well, which is that like
Russians were at Area 51, too, and there
was sort of this co-space program and
that was always there's uh you know,
salt, this is even public, this is open
source in the salt one negotiations. I
think it was 1971 treaty. We're talking
about coordinating with the Russians on
the UFO question because we were worried
that they'd mistake it for American acts
of aggression. That's what Kennedy
probably wanted to do as well.
So maybe there is some sort of
international space program around the
UFO thing. I don't know.
Yeah. And and then we look at uh you
know, of course there's a lot of drama
about this, but the Immaculate
Constellation report that talks about
alien reproduction vehicles seen over
Indoaccom, which is obviously Chinese
territory, right? Like equilateral
triangles with three lights seen over
Chinese territory of of adversarial ARV,
right?
So it's like clear they there's similar
programs going on. If we have if we have
similar triangles, what sort of
collaboration is occurring? It feels
hard for me to believe that like the
surface level geopolitics that we see is
totally fake. Yeah.
Like I do think we are, you know,
tensions are at an all-time high with
China.
But it is interesting. I think in the
Lazar account it's like the Russians
started to get kicked out as like like
tensions rose around like the
development of these ARVs. And so
it it brings up it hearkens back to this
Carl Nell quote. You know, Carl Nell,
who was part of the UAP task force with
David Grush, was also deputy CTO of
Northrup Grumman and I believe was
stationed at Wright Patterson Air.
He was also Army Futures Command.
Army Futures Command. And he says
there's this subRossa secret conflict
arms race going on between us and other
countries. It's been going on for
decades.
Yeah. For feudalistic dominance. So that
begs the question, is the ultimate
pursuit mastery of ARV? Because with ARV
might not just be the vehicle, but it
might be any sort of weapon or
technology that can be exploited as
weaponry. Remember what Randy said when
he was taken to crane that the
technology was considered weaponry due
to an an electronic discharge during
retrieval. Well, if you think about what
the Manhattan project was, it was all
about payload potency, magnitude, and
it's like, how can create a bigger bomb?
And then at a certain point when you're
at the Zarbomb level or whatever, you're
at, you know, 80 megat tons plus, it
doesn't matter. That's too big for any
target. You have tons of ZAR bombs. It's
like it's, you know, game over for the
world.
At that point, it becomes, the second
Manhattan project becomes about payload
delivery. And it becomes like who can
deliver this payload faster and
stealthier and you know it was ICBMs and
then it was stealth fighters and you
know and so it's that's it's a scary
world and I I almost don't even love
talking about UFOs in this context
because I think it's the sacred
onlogical metaphysical thing which which
should really drive
weapons. Yeah.
But I do think that that that might be a
reality driving some of this stuff.
Yeah. And I completely agree. I think
back to the 1988 Norton show as well
when Brad saw the pulsar craft with the
121 nuclear warheads. The guys were
raving on about how this could destroy
Russia in like 20 minutes. Raving on
about that. And then on the other side
of the curtain, you have saucers that
utilize zero point energy systems and
that could, you know, drop a nuclear
payload in a quarter of a second or
the 0 point energy systems can be
harnessed to create more devastating
effects than even nuclear warheads. gi
given that that this technology is
probably a forcing function for extreme
good or extreme evil. You know, it can
think about nuclear fusion. It could
destroy the world or it could save the
world.
Well, that's what Ed witness Ed out of
Edward said part of the reason he
reached out to Greer is because zero
point energy systems were being
harnessed and repressed. Do you believe
because that is part of the Steven Greer
narrative that the lost century I'm not
convinced that
I I I believe that we displayed some
local effects around over unity or free
energy lower energy nuclear reaction you
know whatever but the idea that we have
scalable free energy that we're hiding
in you know black compartments feels
hard for me to believe but I'm open do
what do you think
I'm not sure because I don't understand
the physics enough you know there's
there's always a world in which these
energy systems could powering deep
underground military bases and we just
don't know about it that it's already
employed on the system at large. But my
knowledge is you know we we need to call
it missile man and
yeah ask him his advice on this part
because I I just don't know enough.
Yeah. Yeah. No to totally I I I can't
say I'm high conviction in any direction
there. But how do you like what's the
thrust? What's the motivation for your
research? Is it just like truth seeeking
or how do you have a hope for how this
sort of UFO thing ends? because it seems
like we've crossed a Rubicon of late as
far as people's acceptance of
Yeah. But not not enough. Uh I I've just
been interested in this subject all of
my life. And uh my goal really is just
the work. I would like to in a
responsible manner help disclose uh UAP
legacy programs and bring a a larger
truth about what the craft are, what
what not just what they look like, but
where they're from, what they do, why
they're here, and how the programs that
study and exploit these technologies
have been constructed. Because there's a
lot of very dark things in that aspect.
not only just the the decades of
secrecy, but also just the the
exploitation of possible sentient beings
and and technology that right
is not ours
and if and exploitation of humans.
Yeah, that that's the contentious thing
we talked about as well uh with uh Jake
and and kind of Michael in that
testimony with the psionics because we
have historical testimony that these
psionic assets used to summon craft are
are treated like crap, you know, given
drug cocktails and so forth to perform
efficiently and that could result in
danger or death. And we also have Jake
and the Psionics team saying they take,
you know, quite a bit of of pride in
those actions. So there's a discrepancy
there. And if there's people like being
being hurt or, you know, being given
drugs forcibly, that's that's bad.
That's very bad.
It's definitely bad. Yeah. It's not
cool. Um and then the idea too where I
don't feel like I have probably the most
concrete and good orientation towards
this and it's it's something I struggle
with because it's like
you cover some of this stuff and it just
leads you into dark territory. Yeah. And
it leads you into the territory of like,
yeah, I want people to know that this
stuff is real. That reality is more
expanded than we, you know, realize.
But the only way to do that is to
uncover some pretty gnarly, messed up
truths around like how this stuff has
become operationalized.
Yeah.
And the government's orientation towards
this is how can this confer a tactical
advantage for us? And I think it the
orientation should be how can this be
get more meaning for people and civil
side infrastructure updates and then
great if there are derivative
technologies that allow us to protect
the free world in a more effective way
of course they should be funneled to
like the right thing but it feels like
the impetus like the sole impetus is
weaponization of this stuff
and I don't think that ends well if
there's an intelligence on the other
side of it which I think there is I
don't think that ends Well, for us, if
that's if that's continues to be our
orientation towards this topic, we're
dealing with forces way greater than us.
And I don't think it's I don't think
it's a coincidence that, you know, OAP
and, you know, a lot of these programs,
the people come out and they're kind of
haunted. They have these hitchhiker
effects.
Um, I think it's sort of, you know, the
two sort of uh uh mantras in UFO
research world are like seek and you
shall find and [__] around and find out.
Look into the stare into the void and it
stares back.
Stares right back. And it's a mirror of
what you feel. And people the
description of the sphere often when
people, you know, are are are look, you
know, they're looking at for this
psionic connection between this
participant and these materials, they're
often what's inside of them gets
excavated and mirrored in this
technology.
I mean, it's almost it's also very
poignant like looking at the testimony
of of Corso as well. He said that the
purpose of giving this technology to US
industry was a to bolster the US war
machine and benefit the American people
if necessary. these these technologies
clearly have not been used to um benefit
the American people. But if if they're
used to create, you know, alien
reproduction vehicles, which I believe
they are, and possibly service an
unidentified space program or um you
know, in near Earth orbit defense
capabilities or payload delivery or um
human relocation as as Michael saw with
the large football field sized eight
gone craft or operate underground and
deep underground military bases, it's
clear that that's a very disturbing
reality in which we live because that's
80 years of programs, right, that have
have had time to to flourish and hide
themselves and like layer on themselves.
[laughter] That's a very frightening
world.
It is a very frightening world. I just
retweeted Scott Adams, you know, the the
Dilbert creator, and he said, you know,
wherever there is complexity, there is
fraud. And I just thought that was so
applicable to the UFO question. There is
an absurd amount of complexity to the
point where disclosure has taken a
quantum leap around this Jake Barber
story and some of the other stories. And
like mainstream media could not give
less of a [__] They don't. It was
horrible timing around the inauguration
like peak news mania and then you this
that's when you release this thing
that's beyond the pale for most people
and you're you're you're peacemealing in
psionics and all these other things and
that that's and I love Ross Coulter. I
think he's an amazing investigative
reporter
and I I I think Jake is beyond reproach
as well. So it's not a knock on either
of them. It's a knock on the timing and
maybe News Nation's editing team. Yeah,
but it's like for the 45minut special
that had to be like on the editing
that was not good. And then everybody
started it started to be vindicated when
Ross did this amazing followup with 2
hour 47 minute
and then with of course I thought one of
the most underappreciated testimonies
was Don Paul Veils as well.
Oh yeah.
Worked closely with Jake. He talked very
poignantly on retrieval and implications
of crash retrieval and and so that
started to kind of refocus the
conversation with that which with Fred
Baker with Dr. John Blitch.
Yep.
But yeah, you're right. mainstream media
could not care less.
They couldn't care less. And it's it's
it's wild to see realities just diverge
so starkly where it's like UFO world is
on it's it's on another planet
literally.
And then there's a also a big pickup in
social media categories of of kind of
discrediting all the the stories coming
out and whistleblower so forth. Like
I've even noticed a a larger
concentration of revisiting and kind of
discrediting Grush as well, who I find
beyond reproach probably more than
anybody else.
Yeah, dude. that that guy's like
motivated by the right stuff.
He's pieced together so much
and he's been treated like [__] And I
think I think his disclosure was done in
the his disclosures were done in the in
the greatest manner possible where if
you have disclosures but can't
necessarily provide firsthand evidence,
he provided so much actionable
intelligence whether to pursue IRA
contracts, Idiq contracts, uh embedding
of programs, history of programs,
certain retrieval incidents, malstrom
air force base incidents. He provided so
much actionable intelligence,
hundreds of documents, I think maybe a
thousand pages plus to the IC inspector
general, Thomas Minheim, who's now out
and they've not they've they haven't
done anything about it and unless you
can look at those documents and all we
have is that Thomas Minheim said it was
urgent and credible and nobody has
debunked anything in those documents. So
unless you can debunk stuff in that in
those documents, then you need to take
action on what this guy is saying. It's
absurd. The only knocks people have
against Grush is the Ken Clipstein hit
piece or the fact his op-ed didn't come
out
where where Ken Clipstein basically
Clippenstein um he admitted to uh uh
Cigar and Crystal uh Crystal and Cigar
the um the breaking points you know guys
he admitted that like the DoD and IC
like tipped him off on the story
basically. Yeah. So it's it's just crazy
like and then the USA ID we now know was
funding the Intercept. I don't know how
much of that specifically made its way
to Ken Clippenstein but like and the
dude the dude has all these like secret
sources from the USA ID. So he's like
he's a bad faith actor. I'm sorry.
Absolutely.
And I made a tweet to that effect and I
got threatened to somebody threatened to
sue me and I'm not going to say their
name because I don't want to amplify
them. They're really bad actors and uh
uh they've also questioned the service
records of you know Randy Anderson and
Jake Barber which is just I think
disgusting to be honest like don't don't
go after that you know
there was a lot of talk about like the
combat controller pipeline even though
that Jake has said numerous times he was
in the pipeline for combat controller
but then was diverted elsewhere.
These guys just and yeah one of them
specifically has a clearance and it's
like I don't know what he's up to. I
don't know if he's a bad I don't know if
he's act actually acting like he wants
to be a paid disinfo agent but he hasn't
gotten the contract yet and he's
actually just like this small time guy.
I think part of this is as well there's
like some popularity to go against kind
of the the disclosure movement and there
see there's like a couple uh like
prominent channels that really base
their entire um entire fame off of just
debunking everything like almost
pre-debunking stuff like a teaser of
Jake Barber would come out and they'd
already be debunking stuff it
yeah to totally and they wouldn't listen
they don't listen to any of the details
and their priors are entirely off
because they take nothing seriously so
it's Their AAMS razor is it's all mass
hysteria which if you look at the levels
of government that are now saying that
this is real your AAMS which is like a
cabal controlling all these people it's
it's the greatest mass hysteria in the
history of it's the best scop in the
world by standard deviations if that's
your claim which is itself a fantastical
null hypothesis. So these people are
they're they suck. Honestly,
the Cabal stuff is nonsense because it's
all talked about in the frame of ATIP
and OAP, which as we've talked about
throughout this whole conversation.
There's going back to Robert Sarbacher
in 1950 and even before in 1933 with
Mussolini. There are so many other
players involved. There is not there
might be a a lot of reoccurring players
that we've also talked about as well in
recent disclosures, but the circular
reporting this crash retrieval and
reverse engineering is not isolated to a
small group of people. Oh, it's not at
all. If anything, the the intelligence
community tactic to kind of repress this
stuff has been flood the zone. Yeah.
So, there's just too much snake oil to
sift through for the average person. I
think it moved from secrecy under Blue
Book in the 50s and 60s and then the 80s
at some point around the Majestic 12
stuff. This stuff started to get
promoted but with all sorts of quackery
and you have Air Force Office of Special
Investigations agent and other
counterintel people like Rick Dodie
being like there are six alien being and
like John Lear saying you know there's a
soul catcher on the moon
and that's starting to pop back up with
some of Rick Dod's disciples like the
guy I think who's in prison
who who tweets all the time like let me
show you a photo of an extraterrestrial
and it'll just be a random image right
and so forth. So that's that's starting
to pop back up.
Yeah. So that it's just Yeah. I don't
know. I'd love to because I think um
Earnest debate is always good and Mick
West people say he's like a paid asset
or whatever. I you know I enjoyed like
having him on to debate Merrick and we
were debated all the top UFO videos and
I thought that was like fun and good
and he doesn't seem like you know he's
like I want more light shine shone on
this. I think he could be a little more
like earnestly open to some of this
stuff, but like some of these other guys
are just just like bad vibes and like
it's totally it's all ad homonym and
it's it's uh you know they threaten
lawfare and stuff and it's whack. It's
like it's I I hope you uh
I don't know just introspect a little
bit if if you know I mean again read
between the lines see if this applies to
you because I don't want to mention
anybody but it's like
just think about like what you're do
like are you really on the right side of
history well also step back and study
the subject a little more because even
if you're not ready to make the jump
into crash retrievals and reverse
engineering yet go back look at the
history of sign grudge blue book go look
at uh numerous sightings mass sightings
just go through a long list of of UFO
sightings and projects in the 20th
century. Yeah.
And and start there. I mean, there's the
not the Condan Committee, but the Condon
report from uh England, Project Magnet,
Project Second Story, Grudge Sign, Blue
Book, all sorts of UFO programs around
the world. Uh numerous sightings,
private corporations contracted to look
at UFOs and Battel.
Well, go watch your channel, too, UAP GR
because it it's a like I said, it's
literally a fire hose. It's a cannon of
like absurd amounts of information to
the point where you can't just dismiss
it all. There's something going on.
Even if that something is slightly
adjacent to the consensus truth we all
think on aliens, UFOs, maybe the rest of
the iceberg doesn't look like the tip of
the iceberg, that's fine. I don't think
anybody on the pro- UFO side is dogmatic
about that. I think it's just this stuff
is worthy of investigation, which
clearly it is.
And if you're still just trying to
figure out are do UFOs exist? Just go
look at all the dang military reports of
of pilots and so forth citing UFOs like
uh uh the Malms from case people dismiss
that but that's a great one to study.
Menot Air Force Base in which I think a
C1 or sorry a B2 bomber encountered a
saucer flying around it deelevating.
There's so many stories. Just go read
through the the blue book files of the
unexplained cases.
Yeah. No, there there are an enormous
amount and a and anybody in the
government capacity looking at this sort
of, you know, earnestly always comes to
the same conclusion, which is there's
something probably here.
Yeah, as Eric Davis says, there's a
there there
clearly. Well, uh, Sammy UAP Group, this
has been an absolute honor. Is there
anything else you wanted to cover? I
mean, there probably hundred other
things you could talk about, but
yeah, nothing really. There's so much
stuff we could talk about. I just say to
everybody, uh, keep investigating crash
retrievals and reverse engineering.
There's a ton of interesting cases and
interesting studies and corporations and
military requirements and send out foyer
requests as well. A no answer and a
denial is always an answer within
itself. We didn't even get to that story
of the whistleblower who talked about
was it an eggshaped craft like off on
the Azors like off of Portugal?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. that we'll we'll
save that because I I plan to talk to
that guy soon. But it's a person who was
stationed with the USAF who claimed to
see a uh a Tic Tac.
A tic tac. That's right.
Unloaded from a C130 Hercules.
Yep.
And there's a lot of good research there
as well
that C130s are often transport or what
do you mean good research? Oh, just that
this this incident. Yeah, there there's
a because of course this guy when when I
studied this case, he doesn't have
photos or reports on the actual craft,
but the information he can share, which
is like the insignia on the C130 and on
the nearby vans, just even even just the
C130 that unloads the Tic Tac and
knowing what military wing that's from
can lead to such bountiful research
because then you can look where the C130
is from. You can look at nearby
contractors. You can look at nearby air
wings. You can look at nearby FFRDC's
and start to piece together some
interesting stuff based off the
testimony.
I love it, man. Well, go subscribe to
UAP Gerb. Check out you're doing a
followup with Randy Anderson. It'll
probably be out or around out. Yeah.
When we put this out
and I know you're going to do an amazing
job there. And you're not only going to
talk about, you know, talk to him,
corroborate his story, but also or or
try to stress test it, you know,
whatever, but um also go really deep
into, you know, the specific contractor
SIC, which was likely involved in this
sort of, you know, psychotronic or
psionic research.
Um so yeah, it's been an honor, Sammy.
Really appreciate you stopping by, man.
Thanks for having me, man. Yeah,
appreciate it.
Absolutely. All right.